it’s crap don’t buy it!! water sits in the silicone cover. i bought the apple 3 watch for my swim classes and decided to buy this case for added protection. it protects well, but after every single swim class i have to take the watch cover a part to dry the back of my watch and the silicone casing. if i don’t it will just sit in water. the case is a hassle to get off due to taking the screw out everytime. save your money!! this case isn’t worth a single $1.
i purchased this for my son to use with his apple watch.  after much research i opted to pay for a [what i thought] quality protective band.  my son wore it 8-10 times before it cracked.  the watch fell out and is now at the bottom of lake washington.  catalyst should be ashamed for leading us to believe that our $300 watch would be protected.  refund all of us who have had a loss, at least for the band.
case has already cracked and the use of the watch was very limited. the band was also making my wrist break out and itch? i don’t usually have reactions like this.
i bought this case hoping to protect my son's watch from water damage. unfortunately the case broke less than 2 month while wearing. it broke in the back, not even next to the screw. it looked like very sturdy item when i opened it, but time proved me wrong.
this broke after using it only two months. this product is garbage
i've had this product for only three weeks and it's already breaking into pieces. i used this case while surfing and as you can see from the photos, water infiltrates through the sides. thank god the i watch series 3 is waterproof because if not, it would have broken that too. and clearly from the photos, you can see it is not shockproof. very disappointed with this product, especially because of what it costs.
this watch band broke within the first week of having it. the company sent a replacement but it only lasted about 2 weeks. i’ve been so busy that i didn’t have time to write them again and now i’ve missed my window on returning it. that’s my fault but not a good product in my opinion since both bands broke.
my watch had a crack (which is why i bought this case) so i could take it in the water even with the crack because it is supposed to be waterproof. well it wasn’t and now my watch is dead with water damage and they won’t help me out with getting a new watch.
i’m so disappointed. after 4 months it broke. the back cracked in half. not worth $70.00 dollars
bought this in february and leaks 4 months later. not durable.
i have apple watch 3 series and it does not fot even tho it says it fits for it
i didn’t not have the chance to enjoy the case because it was to small for my watch i need a 42mm,
they give a screwdriver that’s too big for the screw this thing is a scam
i ended up giving this product 2 chances. first i bought the product and the screw was stripped when it arrived. rendering it useless. then after recieving a refund i decided to give the case one more try, hoping that pure bad luck was the reason for the issue the first time.
there’s one screw that keeps this case together. the screw wouldn’t come out. 12 different people tried to unscrew it. then read through some of the bad reviews. it seems this screw is what holds it all together so they super glued it in place. don’t waste your time.
nope. bought it at another retailer locally less than 3 months ago. it’s broken. like entirely snapped apart!
good looking case but poor quality. fortunately, the case was on a apple3 and it was already waterproof. the case cracked at the bezel side at the screw. don't get me wrong the case protected the watch from an occasional brush up against a desk but only lasted about 5 months and cracks started to appear. i didn't notice any issues until the top of the case fell completely off. not happy! the watch case is under warranty so i'll make it work. however if your thinking about this watch please go to their website and read the warranty. its an multiple page document and you have to jump through some hoops. trust me.... i did!
i was looking for a rugged watch band that can deal with bumps and is more secure on my wrist than the one that came with my iwatch.  so far so good.
i had no idea how difficult it would be to install this on my apple watch. the instructions were in very small print. the various language for each step were listed all together. this made it difficult to follow. i am very good at following instructions to assemble things. i finally went on line and watched videos.
i purchased this as a gift and by the time i gave it i could not return it even tho it was never used or even attempted to be place on watch, total ripoff!
i wear it for one day and the band loosen / disconnected on either side of the connector 3 times and dropped onto the floor. as a result, my watch was scratched. this band is not recommended unless you want to have a scratched watch and take the risk of losing your watch.
ordered black band on may 17, 2018. loved it until yesterday, june 15, 2018, when i was attempting to put my watch on in the morning and the clasp exploded, sending pieces flying everywhere. maybe i received a lemon? i’d be willing to give the watch band another chance and revise my review if the seller would send me another under warranty.
unboxing it was nice but i wore it for half a day and it ended up falling off. the pin holding the band came off just by walking. very sad! thank god i felt it pop off if not i would’ve lost my apple watch!
straps are crazy long and thick.  the slides broke off after a few hours of use.  i just threw them away. don’t waste your money on this.
i really was excited to get this band but once i got it and i put it on my apple watch it broke. the part that slides in the apple watch and the pin that holds the band kept popping out and kept falling off. i don’t know if it’s because the band is stiff or what but i emailed the seller about the issue and hasn’t replied back.
no, just no
nice looking band, however the pin broke after 3 weeks of use.  aesthetically pleasing but pins are thin and very weak.  this would be a great band if not for the cheap materials.
the band would not slide in easily. plus it also broke the moment i tried to install the band.
loved the band, then i bumped it on the pontoon railing when i was reeling in a bass and the pin connecting the band to apple watch popped free and splash, bye bye apple watch. smh..
comfy material.. but felt loose and not secure along the bands into my watch. had to return.
it fell apart as soon as i removed it from its packaging.....
i thought this was going to be a great apple watch band but i was so disappointed. all the small screws fell from the band making it impossible to put back together. disappointed!!!
broke first day
the wrist band broke off... cheap metal bracket
this is the second band i’ve gotten. i had it for a day and it broke again.
very bad quality.
pos returned it
it broke the 2nd time i put it on
well, i had this band on for less than two weeks and it came apart, when the watch pin that attaches the band to the part that slides into the watch failed and came out.  i was out for a run using a running app and i went to look at my distance and the watch was gone. i backtracked and was able to find it after it landed on the asphalt (photo attached). this really stinks because i just bought my series 3 lte watch for over four hundred dollars.
i love the watch for the look and comfort but the pins will not stay attached. don’t want to lose my 350 dollar watch over cheap pins.
the clasps were cheaply made and fell apart the instant i slid it into the watch track right after i took it out of the box.
complete garbage, don’t waste your time or effort! got the band today, had it on for about 2 hours and one of the clips connecting to the apple watch broke. returned to seller.
i just got this band yesterday and looks and feel wise it was great, then as i was putting it on it for the first time and it broke from where it clips.
the band broke within 2 minutes of having it installed. one of the screws fell out.
to stiff. does not stay attached to pins.
quality is not good as expected.
total crap. you risk losing your apple watch. this is not a real apple band. it is a standard watch band poorly gerry rigged and attached to apple adapters. the pins do not hold, the watch falls off. if that happens while you are driving and stick your hand out to signal, good luck. good bye watch. you’ve been warned.
it already broke after two weeks!
loved the fit, unfortunately it only lasted for 4 weeks maybe
lasted less than a month and while on a run the band broke and now my watch is shattered. the screws that hold the band in place fell out and the band detached....i will not recommend any product from this brand ever again due to lack of craftsmanship
i have a series 1 iwatch and this case doesn’t even fit. total garbage. i had to force it into the case and it is clearly overstretching! don’t buy this garbage!!!!
i would not buy this product again and i would not recommend anybody to buy this product. the description does not fit the product. it’s made up very cheaply very uncomfortable and i end up just throwing it away once i got it
cheap, hard, uncomfortable plastic. you couldn’t give this away as quality in a gumball machine.
poorly manufactured. when you adjust your size the pins loosen and slip out making the strap open. i almost dropped my watch because of it.
not sturdy. amazon boxing was great. inside boxing (the watch) packaging damaged.
very flimsy, returned for a refund.
did not fit my apple watch.
this band is terribly cheap. it is extremely thin and i anticipate it to snap in half in about a week. there is nothing rugged about this. it is over priced at 9.99 which is difficult to believe but i think 2.99 is more than fair for this bad. i wish it was more durable but man this is awwwful. if you want a band to hold up to anything more than walking around, i cannot recommend this. makes me wonder .... how many people did they pay to review this band at 5 stars? i mean if they send 1000 people a free band to write a review it would only cost the company probably $300 bucks... because i can’t see this band costing more than .30 to make.... makes sense huh?
not what i expected
cheap crap
so dissapointed with the product. cheap and low quality.
cheap & it feels like it would slip off my hand
not worth the money. very cheap.
cheap looking. returning back to amazon
fell apart right out of the box, the band clasp fell right off and the little pin rolled somewhere in my kitchen, i’ll probably find it in a week while i am barefoot.
cheap plastic doesn’t fit correctly.  color is off.  a total waste of time and money.
disappointed, cheaply made
would not recommend.
it was not fitting for the series 3 at all.
very stiff cheap not soft like original i phone bands
i disliked for we won't fit for my 42nm watches and thank you very much we can appericate it
this was supposed to be red, it is dark pink! i am very disappointed in it, because it’s for my teenage grandson...he’s not going to like it
the band look like a toy and cheap
product fell apart the first day i wore it!
cheap.  dont waste your money
rubber feels like plastic feels cheap
very cheap feeling!!
really hard material not comfortable.
very disappointed in this product, talk about cheap and ghetto! makes a $350 apple watch look like a toy that came out of a cereal box. don’t waste your money on any products by this foreign company!!!
very cheap looking. love the color, however, it gets very dirty super easily and will not come clean. will for sure buy a little better quality next band i purchase.
it feels cheap, plain and simple. i would normally let that slide seeing as how it’s inexpensive (you get what you pay for, blah blah...) but ocyclone makes a band that looks almost identical for 3 dollars more but it is far better quality.
i definitely wouldn’t buy this again. i would have returned it if i remembered where i put it. it looks as cheap (or worse) as it is. the plastic “fake” screws really sealed my dislike for this.
cheap plastic garbage, doesn't fit or last.  failed as we opened the package.  very disappointed. :(
i really wanted to like this band but it’s super uncomfortable. the clasp for the watch digs into the side of your wrist. despite my efforts to adjust it, it’s still bothersome. the material for the also feels like a very cheap and non pliable. the case around the face of the watch also doesn’t sit above the face; doesn’t offer much protection.
broke so quickly - i bought it a month or so ago, but only this week did i put it on my apple watch. the plastic broke apart causing my apple watch face to fall out. can't recommend, it's too late to return it too.
good idea but it’s cheap plastic mold. doesn’t feel good against the skin and feels like it will rip apart.
do not buy this product.  it’s cheap and not safe to place an expensive watch in
does not fit the series 1 or 2 apple watch.  do not waste your money.
very cheap looking plastic, i guess it is ok if you wear it while hiking camping or areas to get it dirty.
wrong size and to return it would be a waste based on the cost to return
pretty cheap looking, never used it
bad quality
very cheap quality. the poor quality plastic made it feel like i was wearing a child’s watch from walmart rather than a $400 device on my wrist.
very cheap quality. you def get what u pay for
maybe it's me. but it feels extremely cheap. feels like a cheap barbie doll shoe from the dollar store. i would not recommend.
material looked plastic
looks cheap.  i search for bands with watch covers. no cover on watch band
cheap material reflects the price
it broke a week later when i dropped it
i didn’t get it
received an empty package no product
it was supposed to keep my watch from scratching, and knicks. hints the word “case” and completely ruined the edges and back of my watch.
cheap
cheap material, does not fit right and pinches skin,
purchased this as a replacement for my old band that broke. it’s definitely not worth it. the strap falls out of the loop and it’s very annoying. the band overall feels cheap. i do not recommend. pay a few more dollars for a quality one.
i've worn this band occasionally over the month since purchasing it, switching it out with a couple of other bands—so it hasn’t been more than 25 percent of the time. recently, my watch has started falling off my wrist. one time i lost it since i didn’t feel it drop off. fortunately, it was on carpet in my home, and, later, when i noticed it missing, i was able to use the find my watch app and locate it.
matte finish wearing off in less than 3 weeks of normal wear. my original apple band lasted over a year and a half without issues. see photos.
thank goodness i had apple care! the strap did not stay on and i ended up with a broken watch face!!!
did not click in correctly to my apple watch.
do not consider this band. what i received today you could tell had already been used. there was dirt (junk) in the center clips of the bands. both sides you could tell were forced in because the fit is so poor.
when i first got this band i thought i looked great and i got several compliments. however, the band quickly deteriorated quickly. the matte finish rubbed off within 30 days and then the band started showing excessive signs of wear at the places were the silicon touched each other. finally, at the 45-day mark, the band became very sticky and started picking up lint and fingerprints very badly. it became so unusable that i had to replace it.
i wouldn’t recommend buying this as it doesn’t securely attach your watch. unfortunately my watch fell off in a store and i almost lost it. i realized before i left the store that my watch had fallen off and was able to track it down.
the loop on the band broke after a few weeks (silicone snapped)...good fitting band until that happened...returned and am still looking for something as good that last more than a few weeks...
at first we were please with this band for our sons apple watch but it’s less han two months old and now broken. he put it on the watch when it arrived in late may and hasn’t taken it off since, so it’s not from excessive switching out. he wears it during the day and not at night. this should not be broken already. very disappointed.
it smells really bad and doesn’t fit correctly where the magnetic part hooks into the watch. i have every color of the sport band that apple sells in the store so yes, i know how it’s supppsed to fit - i read other reviews where people said it’s probably backwards... uhm, no. will never wear this and definitely do not recommend. i didn’t even want to give it a star but it made me.
when you clasp this, there is no band to hold down the extra flap so it literally just sticks out. it is awful and i cannot return it. do not buy this!!!!
received this band today. the center part that slides into the watch sits up too high & had a slight tear in it. so it will not slide into the watch at all.
gray did *not* fit my apple watch. one end was just a bit too long (i ordered the correct size) and didn’t fit flush against the watch. the other end was too thick and got stuck 3/4 of the way when i was sliding it on (cue panic mode).
i have the 38mm series 3 and it doesn’t fit well at all. the band piece sticks out either side of the watch. looks terrible. tried to return and had no return options. don’t buy!
would not recommend. i’ve worn the band a few times and my apple watch has fallen off my wrist at least once each wear.
the piece that connects to the watch brooke is soon as i was putting it on
terrible! i ordered this as a “sport” band - and it falls off too easily. cracked the screen of my watch. i’m obviously pissed.
this product broke after a couple hours.  it was plenty big enough, just poorly made.
i have ordered bands before but this time i got a dud. it doesn’t connect securly, making me nervous that it’s going to break. waste of money.
product broke as soon as i tried to attach to my watch. one of the small black pieces that slide into watch broke off, exposing a small spring-then it wouldn’t advance any further so my only option was to take it off watch completely.
i have only been wearing this band for three days and it is already splitting at the face.
made with super cheap metal at the hook. probably nickel. caused me to break out on my wrist and have hives over most of my body. wouldn’t get if you have sensitive skin or allergies.
i got this apple watch band and went to attach it to my watch. i successfully attached it and then went to fasten it on my wrist and while doing so the magnetic metal piece broke. i tried to reattach it and superglue it back together but it did not work. thought this was a good find but the material is cheap and not worth any money.
although the band fits well and appears to be of good quality, the material that it’s made is cheap and could potentially chemically burn your skin. after wearing the band for a couple of weeks, the watch band appeared to leave red marks on my wrist. i didn’t pay too much attention to it. after wearing it for three consecutive days without removing the watch, i started to feel itchiness. when i removed the watch, i discovered two red patches on my wrist, and that later felt like my skin was burning. soon after my skin started to peel off. it’s worth mentioning that i do not have sensitive skin, and this is the first time something like this happens. my recommendation? save your self a scar and do not buy this product!
it made my skin peel where i wore my watch
this band is complete crap.  the watch kept falling off my wrist and finally it fell off today and broke my watch.  stay away if you value your watch!
it arrived on time like it said so that was good. but it was darker than the picture showed which i knew it was to be expected but it was more purple than deep red. i would return it but it costs as much as what i bought the band...
this band was sent to be with a malfunction and broke as soon as i tried to put it on my apple watch. i would like a refund if possible.
it’s only been two months and the pin has already rusted and the band looks very worn out (shiny in some spots, not matte).
now looking at the picture reviews, i see the black bands seem to have the most problems. the cut is not right. when i put it on it looks like it’s going to pop out of the watch. you see the bad reviews and think it won’t happen to you so you buy it anyways. it’s sad when it happens to you.
this product says hypoallergenic stainless steel but i broke out on my wrist where the mental was touching it. i’m highly allergic to nickel which is why i purchased a “hypoallergenic stainless steel”! very disappointed.
after only 2 weeks of use, the metal on the band is already rusted. it was not used swimming or in the shower. not a quality product.
feels exactly like an apple watch band but doesn't fit the watch. my watch could have slipped right out.
cheaply made and doesn’t even fit onto the apple watch. waste of money tbh
this is what i get for being cheap. i wanted a black band but not pay for the appple band. similar to the real apple bands, you can easily tell which side should be up and which side is down based on the look of the bands. the outside of the band is completely smooth. so with this band, with the smooth side up, i was unable to slide it into the apple watch (see picture). the middle button bump was raised too much so i cannot slide it in. this is the case for both bands. i had to flip it for it to slide in. this means the metal button that connects the two bands is upside down (see picture). it just felt weird to me. i’m returning it.
the color displayed is a pretty baby pink color that is bright and the one i received is dull and ugly.  it is falsely advertised.
the band does not stay on the wrist. the band unsnapped and my apple watch fell face down on the hard floor and completely shattered.
the band i received was 42mm and i ordered 38. i’m on vacation in the states and i leave tomorrow morning. can’t return it...
bad quality, after 2 months is garbage.
color was not what was described and i can not return it now. would appreciate my money back!
arrived broken. returned item and purchased another from a different company.
turns my wrist bruised colored.
don’t even fit right and the band feels like paper and weights like paper smh
the band did not fit the apple watch 3 face. there was excess on the sides where the band slides into the watch face.
i gave it one star because if the nice colors and the ease of swapping it out. i bought two and thought one was defective because there is no strap holder so once i closed the band the end was just flopping and i was afraid of losing my watch.
received item broken where the band slides into the watch; the mechanism that holds it in
i loved the color of this watch band but i was out padde boarding and it either came unclasped or unattached from the watch and slipped off my wrist. lost my apple watch in the lake never to be seen again.
i had a white one used it all summer just opened the blue one and as i was putting it on the watch the small metal piece fell off so the band is useless won’t stay on the watch and my return was up sept 2 .
the band that contains the holes won’t slide/click into place onto the watch soooooo i guess i’ll return it. pretty bummed because the material, and color are nice. but if i can’t even wear it, then all the nice things about the band are irrelevant.
came bent and cheaply made
it worked fine for about 2 weeks and then the  connectors on the band started falling off. if you won’t be changing the band often it should be fine.
the color wasn’t as shown.
the material it’s made out of is really stiff and pinches your arm.
not happy with it at all! always coming off and falling off! very disappointing-i love the color but that’s it!
not the correct color.
irritated my skin!!!
feels and looks cheap. over priced.
the description for this band was royal blue but i received a baby blue watch band.
pretty nice material. but corner of band hangs out edge of watch (making it a useless piece of plastic and metal!!!). not a good fit! don't waste your money! not even worth the hassle to return for $8 dollars and this company probably knows this so; as i should have. they just sell s innocent people, stealing $8 dollars at a time. do not buy, this is worthless! even if it was free it still is not worth it. this product is not what it is supposed to be! its useless trash! all of these bands will just end up in the ocean. it is "mind bottling" to me why a company would waste recourses to just make junk that gets put directly into the trash right from the factory. this is a huge waste, just like my review.
it doesn’t really fit well in the apple watch
it broke after one use
it broke while putting it on.
wore band 3 days and noticed it was broken.
can’t speak to the band quality, as i am returning it. i ordered red and it is so much more orange than it is red.
two weeks and it is unwearable.  silicone/rubber is not holding up at all.  you can definitely tell the difference between the oe apple sport band.
band broke
i was very disappointed with this band. band connects ok but not tight enough. you can see the gap between the watch and the band. makes it look very cheap.
received this sport strap band today. the center part that slides into the watch came off.  can  not slide into the watch at all.
was disappointed it was supposed to have two glass covers and only came with one and it cracked after a week
poor quality! too small, buyer beware! slow shipping!!!!
ordered the black band in august and metal fastener keeps coming off of the band! i can no longer use it.
very poor quality it’s flimsy ... i wish i could give 0 stars the band snapped after getting it ... got it for my series 3
the magnets didn't hold so the band did not stay on.
it’s beautiful but it looks loose on my apple watch. i’m afraid it’s gonna fall.
i bought the 42mm and i got it the 38mm !!!! also it’s not perfect as you can see in the picture
is not the same color as the picture.
band is weak, not suggest this one
there is a gap where the band meets the watch on all sides. not a tight fit.
terrible. the band would not hold in place and would slip out. returned it immediately.
opened the package and product was no where to be found. very disappointing.
band falls out of watch slot... can’t use it... 👎
the item inaccurate
not 38 as advertised. much bigger.
this item was nit in the box!!!
i bought the midnight blue. the color is true to the image they give. the product feels a bit cheap, but not terrible for the price. one of the 3 bumpers on the band where you insert the strap on the watch was loose and made it more difficult to put on and remove the straps from the watch. i literally thought it was going to break my watch there for a minute when i was trying to remove the band, but i finally got it out. honestly i’m pretty nervous to put it back on again but we’ll see. not going to return out of laziness.
band fits the watch perfect, but i’ve only had a couple days and the band is already all marked up. i definitely wouldn’t recommend it.
i order the same day a watch band one in black one in red.
nice band but only a few hours in and it is full of lint. ordered the black one and do not recommend it for this reason alone.
the band was too small not the same size as requested
will not use this band. i assume it’s made to fit both watches. on my 38 it is wider than my watch. it looks terrible. i wouldn’t have ordered it if i had realized it was designed to fit both.
this did not work- the song plays for a few minutes and then the aux cord stops working.
it’s really bad, i don’t know what to do on the extra long band...and it’s easier loose off....
upon first arrival the package was clean properly packaged and seem to be good.  seems to be working just fine i’ve had it on all day and so far so good we’ll see how it holds up to heavy activity throughout the week .
i would give this zero stars if i could!!!
used this strap for 25 hours and my apple watch fell off my arm and the face screen is in pieces!! not worth a penny! very upset
arrived the incorrect color!
i like band, but it is made with cheap metal for the closure.  i’m assuming it is nickel. it has caused my wrist to break out into hives so i cannot wear it anymore.
i didn’t like this band because one it was  more bigger than the other one and look horrible and make the whatch ugly!
this is an absolutely horrible product! i hadn’t had it on my wrist for 24 hours before it broke to the point of being useless. this is poorly made and cheap built.
very comfortable and secure hold but broke at the area that connects to the watch less that four months after purchase.
the band clasps poorly to the watch as the watch keeps wiggling because it’s not attached firmly...not worth the money.
wore band for about a week and noticed it gave me a chemical burn. do not buy. seemed like a good purchase but after a couple of days skin turned red and watch was unwearable.
what is wrong with this band??
awful!!!! came undone, my watch fell off without me knowing and i found it crushed! dont buy!!!! only gave 1 star because i had to-terrible
unmal reloj solo vienen las mangas pero no el reloj 👎 no es primer bes me traen los proctos malos sesito otro relo
terrible product- the band was defective and wouldn’t lock into my apple watch.
i received this band for my 42mm apple watch series 3 on november 8th. three days later, my apple watch is destroyed.
left a rash on my wrist and gets dirty easily
at first was great, was exactly what i wanted as far as color and everything but ended up getting a rash and skin problems
it’s been about two weeks and i’ve only used this band about one day a week. the blue is already a weird looking blue the color is already rubbing off. useless.
received wrong color
i don't have sensitive skin or a history of reacting to synthetics, but this band gave me a really bad rash that got infected all within one day of wearing it. avoid it like the plague! also, they do not accept returns...
this band don’t fit right it’s too wide for my series 3 watch. i was looking forward this but it’s to wide
el broche no coincide con la imagen descrita 😐
38 not 42
nice looking watch band but pulls right out of the apple watch slots with a little tug... not very secure. wouldn’t buy again.
it was broken when i received it. there is a tiny piece missing and it won’t click into place. m
the band is unusable because the longer strap won’t stay attached to the watch. item is not returnable so money down the drain.
quality is good but the band will not stayed buckled! my watch has fallen off numerous time good thing i noticed when it did
i wish i could give this zero stars. it's flimsy, cheap material, doesn't even fit my wrist and it's not returnable? amazon prime is becoming an expensive joke.
the product took a week to get to my house. it got lost in shipping twice but other than that it seems to be good quality. i wouldn’t order again just due to shipping.
hey! real human, real review! this band does not latch into the apple watch, i can slide one of the sides right in and back out the other side. i have tried both ends, upside down, right side up, flipped it... turned it... the band absolutely won’t latch in, and isn’t safe for my watch.
looks absolutely awful and cheap in person. nothing even remotely close to the photos shown.
one side would not lock into the watch. should have trusted reviews and ordered a different one. no wonder it’s so cheap!
this watchband is very cheap ! it looks so nice in the picture, but basically its just a velcro band. i don't like it at all.
compared to another brand that i bought a week before this one was narrower and the fabric was of a lot lower quality.
i ordered this to replace my apple sport loop. just be aware that the band is not as wide as the apple and the velcro strips are thicker than the apple version which makes it hard to close.
while i was impressed by the band at first (in spite of the loose threading mentioned in other reviews) i can't give the strap anything higher than a 1-star rating as the piece that connects the strap to the bottom of the apple watch comes undone with just a few shakes. after going for a run or riding my bicycle, the watch strap comes undone and the watch will fall off my wrist. at first i attributed this to my own error, but after testing it i can cause the connector to come loose with just a few shakes on the band. this is never an issue on my other straps nor on the official apple strap that the watch came on, and it is purely by luck that my watch was not damaged in the few times the strap failed before i realized the issue and changed back to the official apple one.
velcro frays the material it attaches to very quickly. once it gets wet, it's hard to dry. if you wash your hands much, i'd get something more easy to dry so your wrists are constantly damp. cute design, for sure. stains easily as well.
cheaply made
very cute band. i love that the black has pinkish dots in it. i really wanted to love it and start using it however, one of the ends don’t lock and i am definitely not risking it falling off on my wrist. there are plenty of other reviews that said the same thing.
the strap disconnects from the watch. not risking losing my watch which makes this a wasted purchase. 0 stars
doesn’t feel super sturdy when slid into the watch. i’ll use it, but there is a decent amount of wiggling going on that makes me nervous that it may fall off. i think the machining of the connecting parts of the band is not up to spec.
after reading a plethora of positive reviews on this product, i decided to purchase it and hoped that it would be a great watch band. when the band arrived, i initially loved it and couldn't wait to use it; until i snapped it into my apple watch. the adapter that clicks into the watch is way too loose and i feel like my watch is going to fall out whenever i move my wrist. i paid too much money to wing it and use a faulty strap just because i like the way it looks. i may have to swallow my pride (and paycheck) and buy the official band from apple.
poor quality, one of the latches is smaller than the other and goes right through one side of the watch to the other
it is not the correct color as it is on the discription and the material is like burnt on spots.
did not like quality, material or color.  returned via label emailed to me a week ago but still have not received a refund.
the texture is rough and the color is pink which was not what the pictures showed
the band does not fit the watch properly. the fit of the clip is too loose - clip is too short and too thin - it wiggles back and forth on the watch. not a secure fit - concerned band will disconnect.
the band looks awesome but did come with a defect, i cannot use it because one of the sides will not lock into place. would like a replacement
it seems as if the nylon strap itself is made for both the 38mm and 42mm watch with the connectors being changed based on the version ordered.  the 42mm version i ordered has a significant gap in between the connectors.  the 42mm band that was purchased from the same vendor that was not available in the 38mm size works perfectly.  this will definitely sit in a drawer since the fit and finish leaves a lot to be desired.
this item does not deserve even 1 star, but i had to give it an overall rating.  i am very disappointed that i am unable to use this band, as the side brackets are too big for the insertion areas on the watch; it is impossible to fit them in.  unfortunately for me, i did not try to use the band until today and the window to return this item has passed.  but - buyer beware.
not what i expected. it’s a velcro band and already looks dirty after a day.
see images, can't risk apple watch for this band :(
okay quality but the straps do not lock in like the apple brand.  my watch literally fell off because one of the straps fell off.
received 38mm since my daughter got them for me for mother's day i did not want to complain
did not even fit the watch!!! i am so disappointed and couldn’t return it!!!
itchy and very bad product... looks so cheap
nice product. but one of the latches wasn’t magnetic and i had to contact the seller to get a new one. after i bought this product my card was compromised 3 times!! not sure if it has anything to do with the seller, but it only happened after purchasing this specific item.
unfortunately, it doesn’t lock into place on the watch face. i can’t even use it.
item arrived broken. side will not click in place, falls out of watch face.
very cheap & poorly constructed. don’t waste your money !
the connector pieces for this band do not lock into my watch. i’m glad i didn’t spend more money on this band.
band gets stocked inside the watch. when you press the release button the band will not slide off. i guess it is the thickness of the metal lock the band comes with. don’t risk your $400.00 watch.
awful fitment almost lost my watch when one side of the bands just decided to slide out. returning this product.
well after a few days with this had to give to my sister i i really had to struggle to get my hand in the loop
love how the product itself works but disappointed with the color. the description is very misleading! this band is black, blue, and pink. not just black with slight pink in weave.
i was not pleased with this
did not like the material of the band. seems very cheap.
does not attach to my apple watch. always have the fear of loosing it. definitely not going to recommend
the band will not connect to my watch. i was even sent a replacement band and it didn’t connect either.
color was not a good red. the connection points stuck out, not a good match with the watch.
wrong item arrived !!!
they sent it with velcro straps. they do not even stick.
the band does not stay fastened very well, it’s easily released.
horrible cheap quality picture is deceiving. feels like the material of a dog collar
looks nice but metal parts not really secure with lock into the watch base
we received a dog harness instead of a 42 mm black apple watch band!
the is not good,
did not get the color the listing said it was.
it’s didn’t fit securely, kept slipping out.
made my arm itchy. returning item.
horrible. if i could gives zero stars i would. just got this in the mail and was happy to wear it. when i went to go slide the band into the lock spot with the watch it did not even fit and when i finally got it in it did not lock and slid right out of placement. big disappointment with this. should have figured for the price it was this bad.
it’s sucks
bad quality
it was black, not gray
i got this today and it won't fit in my watch.  i got it slid in part of the way and then it was stuck and took quite a bit of work to get it out.  it's the correct 42 mm band to fit in my watch and it doesn't.
not of high quality. looks cheap....returned it.
the band does not clip to apple watch. it stays in loose and when wearing it came off which made my apple watch hit the floor. do not buy
so hard
the band itself is very nice, the only thing is that the velcro isn’t that tight
one end of the strap wouldn't go in no matter how hard you try. it's thicker than the slot.
i ordered the pink sand to coordinate with the rose gold apple watch and was super disappointed in the color. the photo looks like it should match but actual item is way more pink than shown!
the material is great and feels super comfortable. unfortunately the band i received doesn’t fully latch onto my watch on one side and slides right through the mechanism, making it unusable. this is the first band i’ve received that has had this happen and i’ll be returning it for a replacement because it would be great if not for this fatal flaw.
looks nothing like the photos! the color is way off.
these do not work. i bought 4 or 5 and none of them work/fit properly. extremely disappointed.
it fell apart in less than a month after normal usage. i did nothing that would cause this. the elastic band came away from the end clasp.
the material is cheap and got me rash, an d you can't return this cheap plastic.
nice product for the price, not apple design but not far off given the price.... however - after 7 weeks the strap tore, and i'm past the return window. maybe i just got unlucky given the otherwise positive reviews...however suspect material is not made to last...
bad quality. band came damage. apart from the watch connector
is loss it’s not good idea to buy this
the connectors on the ends of the band i received are not flush with the apple watch housing. it sticks out enough on one side to catch on things. additionally, the company doesn't offer returns - at least the option to return says unavailable in my account. otherwise, band quality seems pretty good, but i won't be risking it on a second in hopes of a better fit.
i love this band for the whole two days that i used it. i work at a bank which is a very not physical job. i leaned up against something and bent my wrist (the watch band was not tight on my wrist) and the plastic piece that holds the strap snapped...
band got stuck on my watch and it took me 30 minutes to remove. very poor quality. i tried to return it the day i received it and was told it is not able to be returned. that was not mentioned in the listing.
it not like orgenal as made by apple since it’s not fitted  exactly in the watch their are a gaps i don’t like it .
i had to return it. it wouldn’t fit. i change my band all the time so if i could have made it fit i would have.
i’ve had this band less than a month and it’s already broken. would not buy again. i had one similar and had it over a year. this one is very stiff and barely adjust.
bad quality it can fall off anytime if you bump into something , cheap velcro holding it in place 😤
charging box fell apart and while trying to put it back together i got shocked really bad
there are so many bands out there - i was looking for something that kind of went away, matching my silver watch. this band looks cheap; it was too expensive to send back, so now i own it.
bought this band in nike grey and the bottom clip fits perfectly. locks in place, doesnt wiggle, perfect. the top clip however doesnt latch. it will actually just slide straight through to the other side. rendering the whole strap useless. i will be contacting for an exchange since in a return i can only get about 80% of what i paid
strap came damaged
this band is pure velcro.  i can’t even get the velcro to line up and sit properly on my wrist.  very disappointing.
the band doesn’t attach securing to the watch.
was so excited to try out this band, but the package was empty! no band. ugh...
i ordered the olive color and it is no where close to being like it is in the picture.  also due to a delivery issue i ended up with two of these and they are identical.
does not fit on my apple watch.  the bars that slide in are too big.
band would not,last close into watch on one end.
ugly
i do not recommend this product at all. the quality is extremely bad. the magnetic strips on the bands don’t work. my watch unhooked while i was wearing it. thankfully the screen did not break. do not buy this!
i ordered the black band and it has multiple colors clearly visible in the band.
it had a picture of a device on it, and may have confused someone
i have an series 4 apple watch and this band does not lock. it can easily slide out of the channel. the magnet does not catch either. nice color but it won’t work on my watch.
the quality is poor
i just got my new apple watch 4, and while i liked the band that came with it (the same velcro style as this one) i did not like the color. for some reason only the white band was available with the silver watch. i therefore went onto amazon to look for something similar but a different color and found this band.
i ordered the black band and i received the blue band. so just expect different color.
only one end of the band successfully locked into the watch. i saw other reviewers mentioning this too. i'd rather not lose my watch, so i'll be returning this.
i was disappointed. the band was white with blue border. the pic of the band looked grey online.
the band that i received would not latch into the watch on one end.  not safe to put your watch on this, can fall off.  disappointing because the band was really comfortable, but i will be sending it back.
cheap and awful quality.. avoid it
the item was not in the package that was received.
returned right away, not sure how all these people like it so much but it wasn't anything to rave about
has not held up. extremely poor quality
not a tight fit in to a 42mm apple watch.  if i have to worry if it will keep the watch from coming off i’m going to not wear it.  junk.  shame not a bad design for comfort.  but if the watch connections don’t fit it’s a waste of time.
the good thing, the loop looks very much like an apple sport loop, but there were two things i did not like about it, one: the material feels cheap, nothing close to the real thing and is to loose on the sides that are attached to the watch. i just started a return.
one side does not lock into watch. horrible quality.
better off buying the more $$ from apple considering it would be saving $$ in the long run when you dont have to pay for a new watch when it comes lose from the connection and falls to the ground
not a perfect fit....
dislike because it was a girls thing
it's possible to just wiggle the band back and forth and it will pop right out in a way the oem bands don't.  i received two bands and they both have the same issue - the shape of the insert is incorrect.
i decided to try this for my new 40mm series 4. unfortunately, the band is so freakin' small i can't fit my normal-sized (7 inch) wrists through the loop. the velcro pieces are just glued on and trying to pull the loop over them is nearly impossible. finally, the attachments are not flush with the series 4. they are a little loose and even it the loop fit my wrists, i don't think i'd trust a $500 watch to it.
this band does not connect correctly to the apple watch, nor can it be flipped to wear on the opposite write. even worse, it is not eligible for returns. don't waste your money.
i just got the band & it’s defective. i’m very disappointed. you get what you paid for. would not recommend to any of my friends.
did not like the look of the material
didn’t lock in to my watch? had to return it.
it is not what i expected at all. it is itchy and poor quality.
color looks nothing like the photo and can’t return.
it looks very cheap. i am disappointed i can’t return ig
dear, i would like to inform you that i will not return the item, as i received the same and did not reimburse the amount i paid. so i will be happy to continue with the product. thankful.
i ordered the “pink sand” watch band. it is not a rose gold color as depicted in the photo. it is a light baby pink color. the quality is poor. the photos are clearly taken from another product. i am sending the band back.
i would return this if their company would let me but unfortunately they won’t... it looks like straight up velcro on your wrist and does not look anything like the real apple version. the attachment pieces don’t even match the color of the watch itself!!! also the second removal from the watch the attachment broke in half cause it’s just plastic. the band itself feels really thick like car carpet mats, heck might as well cut a strip of your car carpet mat and wear it on your wrist it’s the same thing
band doesn't attach to the watch, it doesn't "click" and therefore can just slide right out of the little slots on your watch (resulting in your watch falling to the ground). i'm baffled as to why there are so many good reviews.... i'm gonna throw it out. useless if it doesn't attach to the watch!
would not stay clicked in on one side.
doesn't lock into the watch.
this is a cheap watch band.  i would never recommend anyone buy it.  the fact it has to be returned to china, and i have to paid for shipping even though its the sellers fault (selling a pos),  it will cost more to mail it then what i paid for it. in the trash is goes....what a scam !!!!!! you buy it, see its junk, and have to pay more then it cost to return it.
i don’t know what i was expecting for $12 but it was definitely not this. the band looks nothing like the picture and i’m afraid to put my $300 apple watch on something that velcros. the color isn’t the same and the material is nothing like what’s pictured.
the color of the product was pretty. when i tried it on, it hurt my wrist. you can feel the plastic that is threaded through the wristband. it scratches your wrist.
very cheap product.
it didn’t fit my wrist and smelled chemically. granted i use the large band that came with my watch. but this would only fit someone with a tiny wrist.
very cheap looking and the velcro does not help.
the color wasn’t even close to what is pictured. it is baby pink with blue specks. it looks childish.
we are sending this back. it looks like an exposed piece of velcro, not a nice watch band.
looks cheap in person
its ugly
poor quality, i just received this item and when i tried to install it in my iwatch that black thing fell out.
watch band was black... not at all like pictured.
update:
the magnet is so strong that it not only picks up silverware when i'm eating dinner, but also caused my laptop to constantly go in to sleep mode. i have a dell latitude and i couldn't figure out what was causing my laptop to shut off constantly. after reading some threads, i found that someone else had magnetic jewelry on and was causing their laptop to think is was closed and go to sleep. beware!
cheap.  band gets loose and won’t stay in place
this band broke the first week i wore it and i'm still waiting for my reimbursement after weeks of returning the item. and it catches on your clothes which causes snags.
the material is cheap and not what i was looking for.
wouldn’t click into place on one end
magnet stopped working after a week and now saying ineligible for return.
watch band keeps  coming undone from watch face. afraid i am going to lose the watch.
i’ve been wearing this band for approximately two hours. literally the only thing i have done is sit at my desk on my laptop. i noticed that my band is missing color, and the color has transferred to my laptop (thankfully it brushed right off). so yay/ it looked good right out of the box, and now a couple hours later, it looks like crap.
detached easily
magnet slips and slides. i am constantly having to re strap it. magnet sticks to everything. i have been stuck to chairs, elevators, doors.... anything the magnet comes in contact with.
did not stay in the watch. i will be returning.
no way is it stainless steel!!! had it less than 2 months and  major discoloration, very disappointed and not able to return!!!
i have ruined three dressed in the last week with this watch band. it gets caught on everything and pulls the fabric. i'm disappointed and, quite frankly, pretty pissed about it.
rose gold coating chipped and rubbed off within a week of normal use...
way too big. one side doesn’t snap in all the way.
there was nothing in the package!
wore twice and color is coming off
the band does not latch to the watch it slides right off. i have an apple watch series 3
short life it’s fading in two weeks
looks good but doesn’t lock in on watch.  the band came undone & my watch fell on the concrete and broke my screen!  all of my other bands lock onto my watch & do not move!!!
it’s pretty.  but i’ve been using it for just 10 days and the magnet already doesn’t hold its place. it loosens and slides right off my wrist. bummer.
i almost lost my apple watch because it doesn’t stay put.  i was lucky enough to get it back, thanks for some good samaritans
the magnet that clasp the band together comes lose often and the band doesn’t stay tight. returning product as it doesn’t meet my standards!
loved this watch band in the beginning but now after only about a month the color is changing and now the rose color is turning silver in certain spots. looks horrible and i am figuring out this is a cheaply made product. will never purchase again
this is my second one of these stainless steel bands i've bought on amazon.  the rose gold scratches off easily and the magnet rusts off eventually just from daily wear.
i got this band yesterday in the mail. on initial review, the product look great however when i put the band on to my watch. one of the sides did not magnetized to the watch and keeps falling off
love the design and function, but tarnishes to an ugly grey with a couple weeks of use.
this broke after a week 😑
i have to replace every few months  honestly i get agervated over it
the band looks ok, but the band can't fit the size of my wrist
gets caught on things and pulls hair near wrist. do not buy
although i liked having the strong magnet and the look of this band, the side of the band has ridges that catch on every piece of clothing i put on. after a week it drove me nuts enough to switch back to the regular apple band. can’t stand that it ruined my clothes!!
i have previously ordered a replacement band similar to this one which was great.  this one is not.  it catches continually on my clothing and other objects.  i never had this issue with other bands of this style.  i had it less than a month and have destroyed three sweaters and one tablecloth.  great style but find another brand!
i just used for a couple times and the band is already scratched
super cute but lasted a week so sad! i was very excited to get a new band but it broke so quickly
received today looked great nice packaging.  the magnet is extremely strong which is a plus but when we tried to attach it to the watch it wouldn’t lock into the watch on one side.
the watch band was defective. i almost lost a brand new watch.
did not like.  terrible ! attached to everything. only wore it a couple times .
bought this before i got my watch delivered. this was the first strap i put on the watch. though it seems like a good deal, fabric snags on the strap very often. this actually destroyed the lining of two leather jackets before i realized what was happening.
mesh is pulling apart from top clip after 3 months.
i was so excited to try this band on with my new rose gold apple watch.  but the pin would not stay secure in the holds on the band.  i would push the pin into a hold, then as soon as i tried to tuck the remainder of the band into the other side band, the pin would come out of the hole.  i have tried this many times, and i just can't make it work.  i have compared the pin with my original apple band,  and i noticed that the pin is slightly shorter and the head is not as prominent as the apple band pin.  essentially, this flaw makes this band unusable for me.  very disappointed.
very disappointed in this product. overall, the material is very nice and feels similar to the real apple watch bands. however, i ordered three of these bands, and 2 out of the 3 i ordered did not snap into the watch at all. a few of my friends even tried, and the pieces just fell out of the watch instead of clicking into place. they were useless.
my apple watch fell and the screen cracked wearing this band within its first day of use. as ridiculous as it sounds, the band actually opened up as i was unlocking my bike, and my watch fell to the ground. i should make you guys responsible. while trusting the brand, it completely disappointed me.
the band runs larger than other brands i have purchased.  the color (apricot) was fairly accurate.  my biggest complaint is that i cannot exchange it for the smaller size.  i went back on the page and cannot find anywhere where it says no returns or exchanges.  buyer beware - be certain you want this product.
this separated from the watch head the second day i wore it. my watch fell off my wrist and my screen shattered.
this is not the band i ordered. there is no exposed metal in the picture. when i received it there is. this is false advertising. i’m allergic to nickel, the reason why i ordered it to begin with. the description states it’s nickel free. we shall see... if i get a reaction i’m returning it.
i must’ve accidentally chosen the 48mm instead of 38mm, super disappointed that you cannot return or exchange. wasn’t terribly expensive but still sucks.
i ordered two of these watch bands and got the other one just fine. then, in the second package, i found this iphone x case. it was really weird and i just want my second watch band.
item does not fit 38 inch apple watch as advertised!
i suppose this is my fault. i was looking at tons of different options for apple watch bands for my wife. i ordered a variety of these straps because 1) you can't really tell if you like the color on a computer screen, and 2) i wanted her to pick the one(s) she like best, and i would return the rest. i also waited to order until two business days before her birthday so that she wouldn't open her birthday present before her birthday.
that’s trash, i just put it in 4 hours, and when i take off the watch, it is brocken.
was too light than the picture
i ordered this because my other band clasp was getting worn out. i ordered dark olive but what it looks like is brown. and the band itself is super stiff and wouldn’t stay connected on my wrist.
was real excited to switch up the colors on my watch band and took advantage of the sale they had. but when i got it (super quick btw) it’s broken.
within the first week of behind this bad if fell off twice
the color rubber coating ripped within 5 days.
incorrect color it’s neon orange not apricot
i ordered two of these bands, red and black.  picture showed a true red, not orange red.  beware, it cannot be returned. the black color  is excellent.  band fits and wear like the original one that came with my apple watch.  too bad the orange red one cannot be returned.  i would have given a 5 rating on both, but will leave a 1.
i was super excited for this band, but when i opened the package to find two bottles of glue. which is ridiculous by its self but to top it off they don't take returns...
loved the color of this band it was exactly what i wanted, however it broke after 5 days of use. so happy i have carpet because my new apple watch would've shattered. i guess you get what you pay for $6 equates to 5 days. don't buy if you don't want a broken watch.
after a month the matt finish wears off... it starts getting glossy..
runs big & not eligible for return not cool. it’s snap isnt right either!
this definitely isn’t the size that i chose. this is much smaller than all the other m/l bands i have purchased over the years. not to mention, the seller won’t allow me to return it.
if you have a nickel allergy, do not buy this band.  the metal clasp in back is highly allergenic.
do not buy this band! the instant i took it out of the package i knew the part that is suppose to slide in the watch would not fit. it’s too thick! i tried and tried but it would not go in!!  money wasted!!
purchased this for series 4 apple watch.  it will not slide into the watch.  it is not the with i am talking about.  the black fasteners prevent the band from sliding into the watch.  do not purchase for apple watch 4
band was dirty when received. and it turns out everything sticks to it so it always looks dirty. no where on the listing does it say not eligible for return. but apparently you can’t return it.
it was broken and i can’t return it because there is no return policy. i was extremely excited to get it and then when i went to insert it i was let down .
this band will not lock onto my apple watch. not gonna risk losing my watch due to poor workmanship. no returns so i guess i lost my money. smh🤷🏾‍♂️
i just received this today i ordered 3 different colors and all of them have a really bad smell. i tried to return but it seems these items are not able to be returned. will not order from this brand again.
shipping took way longer than expected.  after about 4 days of use the watch band broke while putting it on.  cheap don’t buy
ugh terrible color. it’s not even pink . it’s more like apricot. gross and you can return it or exchange it
both this in pink and the color seem to changing after one wearing.
received this and a piece is already broken. once again, returning an item to amazon. too many vendors and not enough qa is becoming the standard.
i ordered this band because of the added security of two pins instead of one on the closure. band that i received only has 1 pin. basically, false advertising...
band color (new pink sand) not as displayed in picture. product not returnable. very upset
didn’t like it, i developed a rash from it!
terrible quality. the silver knob on the strap is too small and does not keep the straps locked in place - watch falls off wrist easily.
the colors were not the same as displayed and now there is no return option. buyer beware!
ordered the turquoise watch band and instead i recieved a pair of xxxl water shoes...of course the product says unreturbable as well.
i purchased two bands and both would pop off as soon as i put on. disappointed.
so as you see i did not get my wine red sports band what the heck am i suppose to do with the emlloyee only crap?
the band doesn't fit right and i'm so dissatisfied and to top it off you can't return it that was money wasted
we orderd two dark brown bands (38mm & 42 mm) and received 2 light gray bands instead!
buenas noches, este artículo no ha llegado a mis manos, me enviaron una cosa por otra.
product broke at the insertion point as soon as i put it on.
cant even return !
the band kept coming of the watch .
scratched my watch ,did not fit accurately
the metal piece fell off the second i took it out of the package.
i have a rash from band my wrist is swollen
arrived broken and not able to return it
i dislike the fact that it was the wrong color.
band broke after a month.  poor quality
it’s not to bad
mistakenly buy watch hand but is useless i don't have the watch i dont read what is up before i order it
it did not look like the picture. the metal piece for the clasp has rusted and given me a rash after a week.
i purchased the yellow band and it was delivered a complete different shade than what i intended. went to return it, and there is a no return policy.
purchased my item and it didn’t turn out how i wanted. i went to return it because i wanted a different color and now i can’t do so. never said anything about me not being able to return. disappointed. just thought i’d share in case others have the same issue.
i purchase 2 items ( one for my partner and one for me), one of them was s/m and it arrived m/l!!! this item doesn’t have return policy- so i lost my money because no matter what i cannot use it ! if i dare to use it my watch will fall from my hand..... be careful! you can get the size they want!
as i was slipping the bands into the slots on my watch, the bands ripped easily. i wasn’t even putting a lot of pressure to get it in. it just ripped. if you want a reliable, durable watch band this is not the watch for you.
too small
claims to be hypoallergenic but i got an allergic reaction after an hour of wearing!!!!
tell me why i received a tampered product. the plastic bag that it came in was cut and so was the band. zero stars. never again...
the only purpose for a watch band is to hold the watch to your hand and this one does not hold it safe. hence it is a failure. if you want to protect your $600+ watch, don't buy this product. i gave this product a 1 week test and my watch dropped at least 1 time a day. not safe.
not true color like in image!!
i usually never write reviews but this product gave me really itchy red spots within minutes of putting it on. i don’t have any known allergic reactions so i’m not sure what this is, i ignored all the reviews stating that this gives you an allergic reaction because i don’t have any allergies, but don’t ignore them please.
i need to  order due to small size. i however there is no return on this item so i guess i’m stuck with it
m/l is the largest size and it would fit a 14 year old. too small they should have put the size on it in inches.
poor quality
wrong size!
came undone while walking hit the floor and shattered my screen! not happy. what’s the point if it can’t even withstand normal activity?!? not even worth the couple of dollars. now i’ll have to spend the money to fix my screen. lovely.
not as pictured. pictire nice solid gray.  actual item i git was not might be i hmgut s bad one wanted solid attractuve gray
i did not receive this item. i received the sand pink band, but not the vintage rose band
terrible product. have had it for about a month, wearing each day to the office and occasional dips in the pool on the weekend. today i was at the office typing on the keyboard and reached for the phone and the band snapped from the housing. had i been in the pool or ocean then i would have lost the watch.  would like my money back and for catalyst to go "back to the drawing board" and design something more durable..
i have high hopes for this product it seems very nice fit and finish unfortunately once i got it in tried seating the gasket into the watch multiple times finally got the gasket to sit flush around the rim like the instruction video says and like the paper instructions say but the crown would not function it would either hold the crown button in completely or not be able to press it at all. very unsatisfied with it as of right now i have a email into the company to see what their suggestion is but i’m probably going to wind up having to return this product.  i spent 3 hrs trying to make this work.  was very disappointed because it looks great
***updated***
terrible product. band broke within 6 weeks of use. horrible customer service. do not purchase anything from this company!!!
this product won’t let your iwatch charge if have a stand and the bottom for siri always comes on with out me pressing the button. i brought this to their attention and all i got was we will let our developers know. they said i had to buy a apple stand so it will work. i told them i had the stand for two years and no problems with the other covers.
i bought one of these cases for a trip to hawaii thinking it would be great to have my apple watch with me at the pool/beach.
i bought the product and tried it on for fit. it is too bulky for everyday use. i took it swimming for the first time now that the weather is warmer and the whole inside of the silicone case was wet. it did not work at all. it was only dunked under water 2-3 feet. this product does not work at all.
i was originally very happy with this product! no problem with keeping the watch dry, but only wore it for a week before the clasp broke! much to expensive to only last one week!
i really liked the look and design of this band. unfortunately, the plastic case cracks. i now  tried two cases. the first at the top part of the case that snaps under the bottom failed. so i returned it and now the second case's bottom shell has cracked in three places. keep in mind that because amazon is not an authorized dealer, catalyst will not honor their 1 year warranty!
the case broke not even 5 months of owing it the strap came off its impossible to get back on the side of it broke
case crumbled on my wrist. the things is made cheap and sold to be an expensive premium watch. absurd! not happy!
this is not a very durable product. it broke after a month, and they wouldn’t give me a full refund.
at first i liked this case, however when using it when racing a small sailboat the strap broke and i lost my apple watch.
i got this watch case because it wasn’t cheap . but the quality at first seemed great but my watch was popping out of it and just this month it broke into multiple parts. so a waste of money if you ask me
what junk. first one i bought fell apart...the screw in the back broke from the other side. not to mention it leaked water and every time you got it wet you’d have to take it apart to dry it out. bought this one and couldn’t get it to fit like the other. tried, tried, tried...nope! you can have it back amazon.
this is a crappy product and a waste of money. it won't stay on the charger to charge the watch. the screen is very hard to touch. the wheel won't turn while in case. very poor
so i used this product for about 2 months and i decided to change cases since i have a couple. i noticed that the original color of my watch was chipping off. i was not expecting this from a $60 case.
worst watch band ever, i literally work on this watch for about 15 minutes every night to get the silicone case correct around all four corners. it seems to be impossible.
as seen on picture but did not fit.
i receive the product, it's a awesome case. but the strap part broke, warranty was void as mention on catalyst website due to unauthorized resellers, they have a list of stores. if i knew i should've bought it on the main website as its the same price. only reason i purchased this product on amazon cause of prime shipping! great case but buy it on the main website, so the warranty os valid. i only had this case for 5 weeks and damn strap broke and i don't see any replacement parts.
had the cover for 3 months.  i droppediton the floor and it shattered.  it protected my watch but i would have expected it to hold up to a drop from 3 feet. the company replaced it very quickly but the replacement broke within a month.  don’t waste your money.
loved the watch band, until a month later when my apple watch fell out of the band.  good idea but poor execution.  just glad it broke before i had a chance to go swimming in it!!
i unfortunately did not like this product.  it looks nice, but is not easy to assemble.  i have had it less than a week and the cover has already cracked. not good quality for th $60., i spent.
doesn't charge when in case :  (
i was excited to get this for my watch, but when i received it i couldn't get the screw out that was holding it together due to it was stripped out already. sent it back and got something different.
the band on this catalyst broke in less than two mont(s from our purchase.  just broke walking to class.  for what i paid for a watch case, that is pitiful!
extremely disappointed with this product. the iwatch did not work without issues in the case. the case broke within 4 weeks of purchase. the case was not damaged due to impact.
terrible the dial wouldnt work no matter how i snapped it in. pos to be honest i broke it just trying to make it work. complete waste of money
had case for less than month case constantly popping apart and now cracked
showed up broken.
this looked so heavy duty.  however it is not.  watch does not fit properly and so the buttons don’t work.
this apple watch case is cheap and will break within 2 months of owning. don’t waste your money thinking it will protect your device.
out of the box, the one screw that holds it together is stripped and it won’t unscrew to put my watch into it.
cheap not worth the $$ doesn’t fit together well at all
product arrived damaged. package looked as though it had already been opened and the case for the watch was cracked.
this thing doesn't even deserve one star. it's cheap and a pos. it doesn't allow you to press you spin button to return to just the regular watch. not worth the money.
my watch was wet when i removed it from this case.
hello, i received the broken silicones from the casing, they do not work for what i wanted, just as accessories. thank you
couldn’t even get the screw out in order to put the watch in. the screw driver that came with it doesn’t work.
my husband hasn't used this for only a couple of weeks and the whole thing already busted and broke. horrible quality!!
junk does not fit buttons don’t work day 2 broke
the screw in the back is stuck i can't get it open.
not actually waterproof and fell apart
case broke where screw holds it together.  i hoped for better quality at that price level.
it came broken
wasn’t great didn’t fit didn’t close
this product is useless. all the sudden, the outter plastic crack without any warning. and, the product cannot be replaced. don't buy it!
the worst case i can ever buy
the band starts to tear after a month or two
not working good.
rubber part that goes around watch itself was ripped
broke the first time it got snagged. waist of money.
band broke within a week
bought this to protect my watch. mistake. watch is now sitting at the bottom of a lake when the strap popped off my wrist when tapped with a paddle. read that the pins when very strong. shame on me! don't buy this product!!
broke in 1 week
i had to return the items
the product sounds great (if it works), but note that the instructions explicitly disclaim anything you may read elsewhere about the product. specifically, it may not protect your watch from water damage, and if it does not, it is your fault (due to overtightening or undertightening the screw, or one of any other places you went wrong, certainly not a product defect)--and you must send it to china where they will test the case and prove it is indeed your fault.  rather than play this game, i just returned it.
sent watch without the crown
the second time i wore this to the lake, the band is sucured to the housing with spring loaded pins, and it fell off with the slightest of brushing against my side. band floated and watch went straight to the bottem.  now sitting at the bottom of a lake at about 50 feet of water. $700 down the drain plus the cost of this band.
the screw on the back of the watch case will not unscrew, rendering this overpriced item useless. the included screwdriver is cheap and useless. i also tried several tiny jeweler's screwdrivers, and nothing could budge the screw. get a waterproof watch to switch with your apple first gen watch. this is another apple watch accessory that is way too expensive for what it is, even if the screw wasn't ridiculously over-tightened. disappointed, and returning this item.
the packaging is nice'ish?  that is about all i have to say positively about the case.  the screw holding the watch together from the factory is so tight i can't get it out with the included screw driver as well as 2 other tiny screw drivers.  so the screw is stripped and the case is as it came from the factory.  this seriously makes me question the overall construction of the case....
when you see this band, you are like, i've found what i've been looking for. an attractive cool way to protect your iwatch. don't be fooled! i don't do reviews, and care even less for surveys but this failed and now i'm out the $65 bucks for the band, and the $299 for the iwatch. do what you want with this review, but i can promise you it's not if, it's when it will fail you! remember when you buy this, put an extra $350 away so can replace your watch as well. wish i had better news,  i really liked this band. still awesome just don't swim or go in the ocean and you will be fine.
beware this thing leaked and damaged my watch!!
it's alright but it is kinda cheap feeling. does a good job at keeping it water resistant but it is by no means 100% water proof. water gets in slightly und the rubber seal on the face of the watch.
i bought this watch bc my watch was $600 so i deff. wanted to protect my purchase. i got approx. two months worth of use from this case and until the case itself cracked. keep in mind i work in an office and go to school at night - i don't do anything that exposes me or makes me anymore prone to this case breaking. my watch was thankfully fine but sitting here with a cracked case is pointless. when the case was on and not cracked it was bulky (too bulky to the point where it was awkward to have on my wrist) and it appeared to be very juvenile with the color, plastic and silicone material.
this is absolute garbage. the first one i bought the screw was stripped before use. bye bye $60. like a dummy a bought a second. the crown button does not work with this watch case. bye bye $120. save your money. this product is garbage.
useless
horrible design. looks and feels cheap. you’ll lose your mind trying to put it together the way they say it’s supposed to fit. save your money and keep looking around for a better one.
mine broke within the first couple months. how do i complete a warranty claim on it?
this case damaged my iwatch. do not buy this product, it is a sham
received  wrong product was supposed to be 42mm for series one the 38mm for series two came instead.
returned
this is my first time to write a review on anything that i have bought. i feel like i have an obligation to inform anyone who wants to but this product about how cheaply made it is.
got the watch case, and using the screw driver that came with it, attempted to remove the screw to put my watch inside and the screw and screw driver both immediately stripped so i can't even get it open to put my watch in.
not water proof...
my experiece was terrible. the case broked when i was swimming in a pool and i almost lost my apple watch. i was planning use this at the ocean. if i had done the experience would be worst...
i have but my watch is serie 2 it doesn't fit
looks very childish. looks cheap.
cracked in two after a month.
this was the worst waste of money i've ever spent.  wore it for a week at my job (dish washer at a bar and grill).  after one week the case cracked right at the screw hole on the bottom.  i didn't notice it until my apple watch fell off my wrist into a sink full of nastiness!  thankfully i was able to rescue the watch before any water damage was done to the watch.  don't waste your time on this case.
broke after only 3 days. extremely weak plastic is easily broken and snapped while i tried taking the watch out.  i'd recommend just not using your watch in the water vs risking it with these poorly made 3rd party cases.
strap connects to the case/watch using a traditional flimsy retractable pins as in dress watches.  easily disconnects from the watch/case with just a little pressure.  i have almost lost it several times putting on a jacket or having it catch an object.  for the premium price they ask, it is dangerous and expensive accessory to protect a quality watch. this could have been a great product, but who ever did the engineering gets a big fail.  i'm going back to a cheaper rugged case, i feel cheated.
this case makes your expensive apple watch seems very cheap. coming from the lunatik apple watch case, the catalyst case is terrible. the plastic crown bends when you try to turn in and isn't smooth at all. i can't see this thing lasting. price is way too much for the sub-par quality this case has. this case has a ces award, but in my opinion that doesn't mean anything. it should not help you make that decision.
i received this as a gift and it broke two months later.  the case cracked and the watch fell out.  i am not sure how the case broke as there was no time where i felt a significant impact that would account for the breaking.  i only realized it was broken when the watch fell out, luckily someone saw this happen and pointed it out otherwise it would be bye bye apple watch.  it seemed like a decent case for the short time it functioned.
i was excited to purchase this case. however, upon arrival i quickly realized is was poorly constructed plastic. getting the silicone inner case to line up with the front plastic case was a nightmare. i'd rather assemble ikea furniture in the middle of a daycare recess. do yourself a favor and don't buy this case.
bought thid product and as soon as i close the case, you cannot turn or click the knob. not worth the money. some reviews say that the case cracks.
i was really excited to use it in the pool and at the beach. after using it for no longer than 5 minutes, the watch snapped and now my apple watch is gone forever. i was in the ocean, in small one-foot waves, with the watch very securely strapped to my wrist, and it is very unfortunate that this happened.
do your self a favor and not buy this water case. was swimming today and the top of case came off and lost my i watch in an instant. they have very poor customer service. no phone number. and they don't refund your money for a terrible case. plus out 600 from losing my i watch. plus the 75 dollars that i paid for the case. doesn't deserve a one star
the outer case is cheap plastic and not as durable as pictured. the case itself doesn't appear to be waterproof it's the rubber inner molding that makes it able to go under water. there is no screen protector either. it's a small case so people with bigger wrists will hate the size. i tried to return it and they are one of the last companies on earth that still charge a restocking fee. so if you don't like it you need all the wrapping it comes it plus be prepared to give them extra money for just looking at it. there is no phone number to call them so be prepared for long email response times to hear back.
outer case cracked hard, starting at the screw hole. 6 months of use, normal use. plastic is too brittle
company will not respond to emails, no phone, case cracked after 1 month
do not buy this product! i received it as a christmas gift. i would have given this 5 stars but the quality of the bands are extremely cheap. the watch was securely tightened/strapped around my wrist but snapped off by taking off my jacket. i thought this was a fluke accident but after losing it yesterday, i realized that the bands lack the ability to stay strapped around one's wrist. the apple watch fell off my wrist and is now lost. i could understand it falling off from doing something active but changing clothes... extremely dissappinted.
the outer case is cheap plastic and not as durable as pictured. the case itself doesn't appear to be waterproof it's the rubber inner molding that makes it able to go under water. there is no screen protector either. it's a small case so people with bigger wrists will hate the size. i tried to return it and they are one of the last companies on earth that still charge a restocking fee. so if you don't like it you need all the wrapping it comes it plus be prepared to give them extra money for just looking at it. there is no phone number to call them so be prepared for long email response times to hear back.
but the apple watch is already to be water resistant for 50 meters
so far, i have zero complaints. this case does exactly as it is advertised. it does more than the similar cases at the same or lower price!  great case, definitely recommend it.
i bought it instantenously! wow finally somebody conceived something beautiful and functional, not simply a knockout of apple apple watch bands...
at first i really liked this case, but there is a design flaw in it; the case closes by only 1 screw on one side. at first that seems okay. but eventually the other side pops open. in my case (pardon the pun) i almost lost my watch permanently because it fell out of the grass and i didn't even know i had lost it. but luckily i found it.
i really liked this case; neoprene insert does the job. a dummy watch to test was a great idea. however, the rubberized case recently split at a weak spot near the controls. i was lucky to have recovered my watch! they need to strengthen the rubberized casing or use some other material.
my husband is a competitive swimmer which is why we chose this particular model of watch protection… it seemed great for the first six months but then one day during an open turn not only didn't fly off of his watch completely parts of it were never recovered and the watch cracked, then was destroyed, in the water. it was waterproof while it lasted but it clearly does not hold up to extensive or intense use
looks good in the photos but it's barely dollar store quality. the plastic buttons especially look cheap. the fit was okay at best but with everything together you can barely turn the crown. save your money. i wish i had.
cheap case...the bands were made of quality materials but the rest of the case and hardware was horrible.  i put the case on for a few days and when i tried to take off the screw that holds the case together stripped out.  i put one of the spare screws in and the same thing happened.  when i got the case off for the second time i didn't dare put back on.  waste of money.
with only one month of light use the plastic case just break in one corner, for the price i was expecting more quality
contacted manufacturer (catalyst) about about item tearing and needing a replacement part. they told me that they will not do any warranty work because they are a unauthorized reseller selling on amazon. is this amazons policy. because of this i am unable to get my band fixed or replaced. they also told me they have contacted amazon about this. why was i not told prior to purchasing this item about this?
fits my apple each well and still allows all the function ability
has been in case for a year. not taken out until today when face plate fell off and watch fell out. and back is so scratched up where my wife watch doesn’t have case and is perfect condition
cheap bulky case that interferes with useability. band started to tear and his anchored onto the case with tiny pins. case cracked and is unusable after 3 months of use.
not happy the seal is not easy to place on and seal after several tries i quit and junked it. not worth the hassle for price. should be easier to place together and seal properly.
i liked the catalyst band but that changed quickly. the case is very durable but the crown does not work at all. i was very disappointed. i cannot recommend this to anyone.
leaked water into case during test. returned the same day it arrived in the mail.
will not work properly, side buttons won't work with the screw its to tight,  had to take out the screw , i will not wear in a pool or under water.
near impossible to install correctly. after spending 45 minutes trying to install, the silicone ripped. needless to say i am returning this for a refund and will never buy again.
horrible. watch is not protected from water at all!
the case is not good cause i cannot even touch the face of my watch and the red handle broke off after putting the cause on
cheap 50.00 dollar spent for nothing. case cracked. easy. worthless
did not fit --
used only twice. fell apart and lost  watch while swimming. absolutely disappointing with the quality.
keeps popping open although screw is flush.
good looking band and it is waterproof that's for sure...problem is the tiny metal screw that threads into the plastic which holds the watch together but the second  you snag your watch on your sleeve it completely rips the screw out of the plastic.  3 times this has happened and the company has replaced it but at this point i am going to want a refund and warn you to not purchase this.
my husband had this for less than a week and then the clasp broke off the strap :( he was so bummed because he really liked the color and quality. he did read some reviews on the clasp coming off, but he still bought it.
i ordered it and it did not fit my watch (my fault) but during the time i had it, it felt so cheap and flimsy, just terrible for the price. plastic was very cheap and not worth the money. do not buy, it just sucks and is no good.
does your apple watch face have scratches? is it not the product you hoped it would be? maybe your friends make fun of you for wearing something useless. whatever your reason is catalyst has created a full proof way to take you out of your misery! just put your watch in this case, submerge in water, and presto, your watch will die a painful water death and take you out of your misery. why do i need a case to perform this function you ask? why not just put it in water without a case? our special moisture seal technology keeps the moisture in to enhance and speed the breaking process.
nothing like having to take it completely apart just to charge the watch everyday on vacation.  its good if you needed only one day.
way too bulky!
please don't buy this product first of all it keeps snapping out of the case and the crown doesn't work is a waste of money and time
mcdondonds happymeal toys are made better than this!!! for $67 i was expecting something alot better in quality!!!!!!!
watch cracked in the case.
wrong size
case does not work.
my wife bought this for me as a gift. i had it a total of 14 days. it was installed to the manufacturer's instructions included in the manual. the case on day 9 had a small crack on the right side. (i hadn't dropped the watch even.) at this point, i had decided to return it but was waiting for the gift receipt from my wife. by day 14 it completely shattered. this does not meet the claim made in the item description:
less than a year after wearing this the hole holding the screw that keeps the prices together rotted through. the screw falls out and can’t be screwed back in. overpriced piece of junk
got this as a gift, it worked fine for a few months then started falling apart and finally cracked by the screw if you’re not careful you could lose your watch.
does not fit well! cant get it to work so that the wheel works when assembled! sent back. nice look but sort of cheap quality. did not like how hard it was to figure out how to assemble!
does your apple watch face have scratches? is it not the product you hoped it would be? maybe your friends make fun of you for wearing something useless. whatever your reason is catalyst has created a full proof way to take you out of your misery! just put your watch in this case, submerge in water, and presto, your watch will die a painful water death and take you out of your misery. why do i need a case to perform this function you ask? why not just put it in water without a case? our special moisture seal technology keeps the moisture in to enhance and speed the breaking process.
breaks after a few months
do not waste your money did not last a month it cracks where you scew in did not drop or hit  peace of crap not happy
it's cheap plastic no spare parts if something wears out. it's not great quality and very overpriced for what you get. the band is cheap and terribly designed. for a $300+ watch you want to make waterproof this is the worst solution. i cannot recommend.
terrible wriststrap. it's uncomfortable i had to cut it short. still uncomfortable. i also cannot find a replacement watch band that is wide enough for the post, because it uses a very large odd unique size more (like 26mm). so dont waste your money if you have a smaller wrist or plan on replacing the watch band because there is no option and you will be stuck.
i loved the band at first it was really nice,  it looked like it was very durable until i found a crack on it and  shortly  after that it wasn’t usable.. the crack was right by the rotating crown area. it’s a pretty expensive watch protector and it was never miss treated. i expected more for the money i spent on it. i do think the design is nice i just wish it was better quality or maybe i just received a defective one.
the case broke after 2 months of use, and it was very hard to get a refund. completely unacceptable that it broke after only 2 months. the pin come out of where the strap connects to the case.
i have had this band not even a week. as i was getting out of my truck my apple watch hit the ground. the back of the case was cracked. this is totally unacceptable since i did pay about $70.00 for this case thinking it would last. so now i have to purchase another case/ watch band. any suggestions on a better more durable one??
i went through 3 of these in 6 months. they all broke at the screw port that holds it all together and the lock tabs. all three times my watch went flying out. warranty was easy for all those instances.
i gave this as a gift and my friend said that it only lasted 3 months.
good luck not swearing like a sailor as you try to assemble this watch case...
doesn’t fit
this is the second catalyst watchband ive bought.  the first lasted about 8 months and i thought that was pretty good considering i work hard and play harder.  this one arrived in october and i noticed a few differences immediately when i assembled it.  it broke while i was driving, not working or playing.  quality gets a -5 and durability gets a -5.  i hope they offer to replace it or i'll rate the transaction the same.  unhappy customer
my apple watch is now lying at the bottom of the pacific ocean thanks to this terrible product.  the entire top section of the house broke of while surfing - resulting in the loss of my apple watch.  when i contacted catalyst they offered me a new case.... i'm not sure what i am supposed to put in it.  be warned, don't buy this product.
terrible product. have had it for about a month, wearing each day to the office and occasional dips in the pool on the weekend. today i was at the office typing on the keyboard and reached for the phone and the band snapped from the housing. had i been in the pool or ocean then i would have lost the watch.  would like my money back and for catalyst to go "back to the drawing board" and design something more durable..
i have high hopes for this product it seems very nice fit and finish unfortunately once i got it in tried seating the gasket into the watch multiple times finally got the gasket to sit flush around the rim like the instruction video says and like the paper instructions say but the crown would not function it would either hold the crown button in completely or not be able to press it at all. very unsatisfied with it as of right now i have a email into the company to see what their suggestion is but i’m probably going to wind up having to return this product.  i spent 3 hrs trying to make this work.  was very disappointed because it looks great
***updated***
terrible product. band broke within 6 weeks of use. horrible customer service. do not purchase anything from this company!!!
this product won’t let your iwatch charge if have a stand and the bottom for siri always comes on with out me pressing the button. i brought this to their attention and all i got was we will let our developers know. they said i had to buy a apple stand so it will work. i told them i had the stand for two years and no problems with the other covers.
i bought one of these cases for a trip to hawaii thinking it would be great to have my apple watch with me at the pool/beach.
i bought the product and tried it on for fit. it is too bulky for everyday use. i took it swimming for the first time now that the weather is warmer and the whole inside of the silicone case was wet. it did not work at all. it was only dunked under water 2-3 feet. this product does not work at all.
i was originally very happy with this product! no problem with keeping the watch dry, but only wore it for a week before the clasp broke! much to expensive to only last one week!
i really liked the look and design of this band. unfortunately, the plastic case cracks. i now  tried two cases. the first at the top part of the case that snaps under the bottom failed. so i returned it and now the second case's bottom shell has cracked in three places. keep in mind that because amazon is not an authorized dealer, catalyst will not honor their 1 year warranty!
the case broke not even 5 months of owing it the strap came off its impossible to get back on the side of it broke
case crumbled on my wrist. the things is made cheap and sold to be an expensive premium watch. absurd! not happy!
this is not a very durable product. it broke after a month, and they wouldn’t give me a full refund.
at first i liked this case, however when using it when racing a small sailboat the strap broke and i lost my apple watch.
i got this watch case because it wasn’t cheap . but the quality at first seemed great but my watch was popping out of it and just this month it broke into multiple parts. so a waste of money if you ask me
what junk. first one i bought fell apart...the screw in the back broke from the other side. not to mention it leaked water and every time you got it wet you’d have to take it apart to dry it out. bought this one and couldn’t get it to fit like the other. tried, tried, tried...nope! you can have it back amazon.
this is a crappy product and a waste of money. it won't stay on the charger to charge the watch. the screen is very hard to touch. the wheel won't turn while in case. very poor
so i used this product for about 2 months and i decided to change cases since i have a couple. i noticed that the original color of my watch was chipping off. i was not expecting this from a $60 case.
worst watch band ever, i literally work on this watch for about 15 minutes every night to get the silicone case correct around all four corners. it seems to be impossible.
as seen on picture but did not fit.
i receive the product, it's a awesome case. but the strap part broke, warranty was void as mention on catalyst website due to unauthorized resellers, they have a list of stores. if i knew i should've bought it on the main website as its the same price. only reason i purchased this product on amazon cause of prime shipping! great case but buy it on the main website, so the warranty os valid. i only had this case for 5 weeks and damn strap broke and i don't see any replacement parts.
had the cover for 3 months.  i droppediton the floor and it shattered.  it protected my watch but i would have expected it to hold up to a drop from 3 feet. the company replaced it very quickly but the replacement broke within a month.  don’t waste your money.
loved the watch band, until a month later when my apple watch fell out of the band.  good idea but poor execution.  just glad it broke before i had a chance to go swimming in it!!
i unfortunately did not like this product.  it looks nice, but is not easy to assemble.  i have had it less than a week and the cover has already cracked. not good quality for th $60., i spent.
doesn't charge when in case :  (
i was excited to get this for my watch, but when i received it i couldn't get the screw out that was holding it together due to it was stripped out already. sent it back and got something different.
the band on this catalyst broke in less than two mont(s from our purchase.  just broke walking to class.  for what i paid for a watch case, that is pitiful!
extremely disappointed with this product. the iwatch did not work without issues in the case. the case broke within 4 weeks of purchase. the case was not damaged due to impact.
terrible the dial wouldnt work no matter how i snapped it in. pos to be honest i broke it just trying to make it work. complete waste of money
had case for less than month case constantly popping apart and now cracked
showed up broken.
this looked so heavy duty.  however it is not.  watch does not fit properly and so the buttons don’t work.
this apple watch case is cheap and will break within 2 months of owning. don’t waste your money thinking it will protect your device.
out of the box, the one screw that holds it together is stripped and it won’t unscrew to put my watch into it.
cheap not worth the $$ doesn’t fit together well at all
product arrived damaged. package looked as though it had already been opened and the case for the watch was cracked.
this thing doesn't even deserve one star. it's cheap and a pos. it doesn't allow you to press you spin button to return to just the regular watch. not worth the money.
my watch was wet when i removed it from this case.
hello, i received the broken silicones from the casing, they do not work for what i wanted, just as accessories. thank you
couldn’t even get the screw out in order to put the watch in. the screw driver that came with it doesn’t work.
my husband hasn't used this for only a couple of weeks and the whole thing already busted and broke. horrible quality!!
junk does not fit buttons don’t work day 2 broke
the screw in the back is stuck i can't get it open.
not actually waterproof and fell apart
case broke where screw holds it together.  i hoped for better quality at that price level.
it came broken
wasn’t great didn’t fit didn’t close
this product is useless. all the sudden, the outter plastic crack without any warning. and, the product cannot be replaced. don't buy it!
the worst case i can ever buy
the band starts to tear after a month or two
not working good.
rubber part that goes around watch itself was ripped
broke the first time it got snagged. waist of money.
band broke within a week
bought this to protect my watch. mistake. watch is now sitting at the bottom of a lake when the strap popped off my wrist when tapped with a paddle. read that the pins when very strong. shame on me! don't buy this product!!
broke in 1 week
i had to return the items
the product sounds great (if it works), but note that the instructions explicitly disclaim anything you may read elsewhere about the product. specifically, it may not protect your watch from water damage, and if it does not, it is your fault (due to overtightening or undertightening the screw, or one of any other places you went wrong, certainly not a product defect)--and you must send it to china where they will test the case and prove it is indeed your fault.  rather than play this game, i just returned it.
sent watch without the crown
the second time i wore this to the lake, the band is sucured to the housing with spring loaded pins, and it fell off with the slightest of brushing against my side. band floated and watch went straight to the bottem.  now sitting at the bottom of a lake at about 50 feet of water. $700 down the drain plus the cost of this band.
the screw on the back of the watch case will not unscrew, rendering this overpriced item useless. the included screwdriver is cheap and useless. i also tried several tiny jeweler's screwdrivers, and nothing could budge the screw. get a waterproof watch to switch with your apple first gen watch. this is another apple watch accessory that is way too expensive for what it is, even if the screw wasn't ridiculously over-tightened. disappointed, and returning this item.
the packaging is nice'ish?  that is about all i have to say positively about the case.  the screw holding the watch together from the factory is so tight i can't get it out with the included screw driver as well as 2 other tiny screw drivers.  so the screw is stripped and the case is as it came from the factory.  this seriously makes me question the overall construction of the case....
when you see this band, you are like, i've found what i've been looking for. an attractive cool way to protect your iwatch. don't be fooled! i don't do reviews, and care even less for surveys but this failed and now i'm out the $65 bucks for the band, and the $299 for the iwatch. do what you want with this review, but i can promise you it's not if, it's when it will fail you! remember when you buy this, put an extra $350 away so can replace your watch as well. wish i had better news,  i really liked this band. still awesome just don't swim or go in the ocean and you will be fine.
beware this thing leaked and damaged my watch!!
it's alright but it is kinda cheap feeling. does a good job at keeping it water resistant but it is by no means 100% water proof. water gets in slightly und the rubber seal on the face of the watch.
i bought this watch bc my watch was $600 so i deff. wanted to protect my purchase. i got approx. two months worth of use from this case and until the case itself cracked. keep in mind i work in an office and go to school at night - i don't do anything that exposes me or makes me anymore prone to this case breaking. my watch was thankfully fine but sitting here with a cracked case is pointless. when the case was on and not cracked it was bulky (too bulky to the point where it was awkward to have on my wrist) and it appeared to be very juvenile with the color, plastic and silicone material.
this is absolute garbage. the first one i bought the screw was stripped before use. bye bye $60. like a dummy a bought a second. the crown button does not work with this watch case. bye bye $120. save your money. this product is garbage.
useless
horrible design. looks and feels cheap. you’ll lose your mind trying to put it together the way they say it’s supposed to fit. save your money and keep looking around for a better one.
mine broke within the first couple months. how do i complete a warranty claim on it?
this case damaged my iwatch. do not buy this product, it is a sham
received  wrong product was supposed to be 42mm for series one the 38mm for series two came instead.
returned
this is my first time to write a review on anything that i have bought. i feel like i have an obligation to inform anyone who wants to but this product about how cheaply made it is.
got the watch case, and using the screw driver that came with it, attempted to remove the screw to put my watch inside and the screw and screw driver both immediately stripped so i can't even get it open to put my watch in.
not water proof...
my experiece was terrible. the case broked when i was swimming in a pool and i almost lost my apple watch. i was planning use this at the ocean. if i had done the experience would be worst...
i have but my watch is serie 2 it doesn't fit
looks very childish. looks cheap.
cracked in two after a month.
this was the worst waste of money i've ever spent.  wore it for a week at my job (dish washer at a bar and grill).  after one week the case cracked right at the screw hole on the bottom.  i didn't notice it until my apple watch fell off my wrist into a sink full of nastiness!  thankfully i was able to rescue the watch before any water damage was done to the watch.  don't waste your time on this case.
broke after only 3 days. extremely weak plastic is easily broken and snapped while i tried taking the watch out.  i'd recommend just not using your watch in the water vs risking it with these poorly made 3rd party cases.
strap connects to the case/watch using a traditional flimsy retractable pins as in dress watches.  easily disconnects from the watch/case with just a little pressure.  i have almost lost it several times putting on a jacket or having it catch an object.  for the premium price they ask, it is dangerous and expensive accessory to protect a quality watch. this could have been a great product, but who ever did the engineering gets a big fail.  i'm going back to a cheaper rugged case, i feel cheated.
this case makes your expensive apple watch seems very cheap. coming from the lunatik apple watch case, the catalyst case is terrible. the plastic crown bends when you try to turn in and isn't smooth at all. i can't see this thing lasting. price is way too much for the sub-par quality this case has. this case has a ces award, but in my opinion that doesn't mean anything. it should not help you make that decision.
i received this as a gift and it broke two months later.  the case cracked and the watch fell out.  i am not sure how the case broke as there was no time where i felt a significant impact that would account for the breaking.  i only realized it was broken when the watch fell out, luckily someone saw this happen and pointed it out otherwise it would be bye bye apple watch.  it seemed like a decent case for the short time it functioned.
i was excited to purchase this case. however, upon arrival i quickly realized is was poorly constructed plastic. getting the silicone inner case to line up with the front plastic case was a nightmare. i'd rather assemble ikea furniture in the middle of a daycare recess. do yourself a favor and don't buy this case.
bought thid product and as soon as i close the case, you cannot turn or click the knob. not worth the money. some reviews say that the case cracks.
i was really excited to use it in the pool and at the beach. after using it for no longer than 5 minutes, the watch snapped and now my apple watch is gone forever. i was in the ocean, in small one-foot waves, with the watch very securely strapped to my wrist, and it is very unfortunate that this happened.
do your self a favor and not buy this water case. was swimming today and the top of case came off and lost my i watch in an instant. they have very poor customer service. no phone number. and they don't refund your money for a terrible case. plus out 600 from losing my i watch. plus the 75 dollars that i paid for the case. doesn't deserve a one star
the outer case is cheap plastic and not as durable as pictured. the case itself doesn't appear to be waterproof it's the rubber inner molding that makes it able to go under water. there is no screen protector either. it's a small case so people with bigger wrists will hate the size. i tried to return it and they are one of the last companies on earth that still charge a restocking fee. so if you don't like it you need all the wrapping it comes it plus be prepared to give them extra money for just looking at it. there is no phone number to call them so be prepared for long email response times to hear back.
outer case cracked hard, starting at the screw hole. 6 months of use, normal use. plastic is too brittle
company will not respond to emails, no phone, case cracked after 1 month
do not buy this product! i received it as a christmas gift. i would have given this 5 stars but the quality of the bands are extremely cheap. the watch was securely tightened/strapped around my wrist but snapped off by taking off my jacket. i thought this was a fluke accident but after losing it yesterday, i realized that the bands lack the ability to stay strapped around one's wrist. the apple watch fell off my wrist and is now lost. i could understand it falling off from doing something active but changing clothes... extremely dissappinted.
the outer case is cheap plastic and not as durable as pictured. the case itself doesn't appear to be waterproof it's the rubber inner molding that makes it able to go under water. there is no screen protector either. it's a small case so people with bigger wrists will hate the size. i tried to return it and they are one of the last companies on earth that still charge a restocking fee. so if you don't like it you need all the wrapping it comes it plus be prepared to give them extra money for just looking at it. there is no phone number to call them so be prepared for long email response times to hear back.
but the apple watch is already to be water resistant for 50 meters
so far, i have zero complaints. this case does exactly as it is advertised. it does more than the similar cases at the same or lower price!  great case, definitely recommend it.
i bought it instantenously! wow finally somebody conceived something beautiful and functional, not simply a knockout of apple apple watch bands...
at first i really liked this case, but there is a design flaw in it; the case closes by only 1 screw on one side. at first that seems okay. but eventually the other side pops open. in my case (pardon the pun) i almost lost my watch permanently because it fell out of the grass and i didn't even know i had lost it. but luckily i found it.
i really liked this case; neoprene insert does the job. a dummy watch to test was a great idea. however, the rubberized case recently split at a weak spot near the controls. i was lucky to have recovered my watch! they need to strengthen the rubberized casing or use some other material.
my husband is a competitive swimmer which is why we chose this particular model of watch protection… it seemed great for the first six months but then one day during an open turn not only didn't fly off of his watch completely parts of it were never recovered and the watch cracked, then was destroyed, in the water. it was waterproof while it lasted but it clearly does not hold up to extensive or intense use
looks good in the photos but it's barely dollar store quality. the plastic buttons especially look cheap. the fit was okay at best but with everything together you can barely turn the crown. save your money. i wish i had.
cheap case...the bands were made of quality materials but the rest of the case and hardware was horrible.  i put the case on for a few days and when i tried to take off the screw that holds the case together stripped out.  i put one of the spare screws in and the same thing happened.  when i got the case off for the second time i didn't dare put back on.  waste of money.
with only one month of light use the plastic case just break in one corner, for the price i was expecting more quality
contacted manufacturer (catalyst) about about item tearing and needing a replacement part. they told me that they will not do any warranty work because they are a unauthorized reseller selling on amazon. is this amazons policy. because of this i am unable to get my band fixed or replaced. they also told me they have contacted amazon about this. why was i not told prior to purchasing this item about this?
fits my apple each well and still allows all the function ability
has been in case for a year. not taken out until today when face plate fell off and watch fell out. and back is so scratched up where my wife watch doesn’t have case and is perfect condition
cheap bulky case that interferes with useability. band started to tear and his anchored onto the case with tiny pins. case cracked and is unusable after 3 months of use.
not happy the seal is not easy to place on and seal after several tries i quit and junked it. not worth the hassle for price. should be easier to place together and seal properly.
i liked the catalyst band but that changed quickly. the case is very durable but the crown does not work at all. i was very disappointed. i cannot recommend this to anyone.
leaked water into case during test. returned the same day it arrived in the mail.
will not work properly, side buttons won't work with the screw its to tight,  had to take out the screw , i will not wear in a pool or under water.
near impossible to install correctly. after spending 45 minutes trying to install, the silicone ripped. needless to say i am returning this for a refund and will never buy again.
horrible. watch is not protected from water at all!
the case is not good cause i cannot even touch the face of my watch and the red handle broke off after putting the cause on
cheap 50.00 dollar spent for nothing. case cracked. easy. worthless
did not fit --
used only twice. fell apart and lost  watch while swimming. absolutely disappointing with the quality.
keeps popping open although screw is flush.
good looking band and it is waterproof that's for sure...problem is the tiny metal screw that threads into the plastic which holds the watch together but the second  you snag your watch on your sleeve it completely rips the screw out of the plastic.  3 times this has happened and the company has replaced it but at this point i am going to want a refund and warn you to not purchase this.
my husband had this for less than a week and then the clasp broke off the strap :( he was so bummed because he really liked the color and quality. he did read some reviews on the clasp coming off, but he still bought it.
i ordered it and it did not fit my watch (my fault) but during the time i had it, it felt so cheap and flimsy, just terrible for the price. plastic was very cheap and not worth the money. do not buy, it just sucks and is no good.
does your apple watch face have scratches? is it not the product you hoped it would be? maybe your friends make fun of you for wearing something useless. whatever your reason is catalyst has created a full proof way to take you out of your misery! just put your watch in this case, submerge in water, and presto, your watch will die a painful water death and take you out of your misery. why do i need a case to perform this function you ask? why not just put it in water without a case? our special moisture seal technology keeps the moisture in to enhance and speed the breaking process.
nothing like having to take it completely apart just to charge the watch everyday on vacation.  its good if you needed only one day.
way too bulky!
please don't buy this product first of all it keeps snapping out of the case and the crown doesn't work is a waste of money and time
mcdondonds happymeal toys are made better than this!!! for $67 i was expecting something alot better in quality!!!!!!!
watch cracked in the case.
wrong size
case does not work.
my wife bought this for me as a gift. i had it a total of 14 days. it was installed to the manufacturer's instructions included in the manual. the case on day 9 had a small crack on the right side. (i hadn't dropped the watch even.) at this point, i had decided to return it but was waiting for the gift receipt from my wife. by day 14 it completely shattered. this does not meet the claim made in the item description:
less than a year after wearing this the hole holding the screw that keeps the prices together rotted through. the screw falls out and can’t be screwed back in. overpriced piece of junk
got this as a gift, it worked fine for a few months then started falling apart and finally cracked by the screw if you’re not careful you could lose your watch.
does not fit well! cant get it to work so that the wheel works when assembled! sent back. nice look but sort of cheap quality. did not like how hard it was to figure out how to assemble!
does your apple watch face have scratches? is it not the product you hoped it would be? maybe your friends make fun of you for wearing something useless. whatever your reason is catalyst has created a full proof way to take you out of your misery! just put your watch in this case, submerge in water, and presto, your watch will die a painful water death and take you out of your misery. why do i need a case to perform this function you ask? why not just put it in water without a case? our special moisture seal technology keeps the moisture in to enhance and speed the breaking process.
breaks after a few months
do not waste your money did not last a month it cracks where you scew in did not drop or hit  peace of crap not happy
it's cheap plastic no spare parts if something wears out. it's not great quality and very overpriced for what you get. the band is cheap and terribly designed. for a $300+ watch you want to make waterproof this is the worst solution. i cannot recommend.
terrible wriststrap. it's uncomfortable i had to cut it short. still uncomfortable. i also cannot find a replacement watch band that is wide enough for the post, because it uses a very large odd unique size more (like 26mm). so dont waste your money if you have a smaller wrist or plan on replacing the watch band because there is no option and you will be stuck.
i loved the band at first it was really nice,  it looked like it was very durable until i found a crack on it and  shortly  after that it wasn’t usable.. the crack was right by the rotating crown area. it’s a pretty expensive watch protector and it was never miss treated. i expected more for the money i spent on it. i do think the design is nice i just wish it was better quality or maybe i just received a defective one.
the case broke after 2 months of use, and it was very hard to get a refund. completely unacceptable that it broke after only 2 months. the pin come out of where the strap connects to the case.
i have had this band not even a week. as i was getting out of my truck my apple watch hit the ground. the back of the case was cracked. this is totally unacceptable since i did pay about $70.00 for this case thinking it would last. so now i have to purchase another case/ watch band. any suggestions on a better more durable one??
i went through 3 of these in 6 months. they all broke at the screw port that holds it all together and the lock tabs. all three times my watch went flying out. warranty was easy for all those instances.
i gave this as a gift and my friend said that it only lasted 3 months.
good luck not swearing like a sailor as you try to assemble this watch case...
doesn’t fit
this is the second catalyst watchband ive bought.  the first lasted about 8 months and i thought that was pretty good considering i work hard and play harder.  this one arrived in october and i noticed a few differences immediately when i assembled it.  it broke while i was driving, not working or playing.  quality gets a -5 and durability gets a -5.  i hope they offer to replace it or i'll rate the transaction the same.  unhappy customer
my apple watch is now lying at the bottom of the pacific ocean thanks to this terrible product.  the entire top section of the house broke of while surfing - resulting in the loss of my apple watch.  when i contacted catalyst they offered me a new case.... i'm not sure what i am supposed to put in it.  be warned, don't buy this product.
i am an hvac technician/ electrician and this product couldn’t even handle my daily rigors of work. they are way overcharging for this product i wish i could get my money back. the plastic case is so cheap and thin it barely handled a couple of bumps before breaking and dropping my 400 dollar apple watch to the ground. do not invest in this product. spend your money elsewhere it would be better invested in apple care.
there was chips out of the plastic casing with in five days.  then it completely failed and broke open in just a week from ownership, causing me to almost lose my watch if i hadn't noticed it hanging there.  i do not do extreme sports and i work in an office.  in fact it broke completely while i was playing golf.  the plastic is extremely brittle.  nothing like the plastic used on a g-shock or other rugged tough watch.  once you have it on don't go trying to switch it out on special occasions when you want t wear another watchband.  you have to remove a screw in the back of the case to get it off.  also you're likely to break the brittle plastic trying to take it on and off with any regularity.  then on top of it i have not been swimming or anything where it was submerged, simply just taking a shower each day with it on.  i pull it out of the case and the internal rubber sleeve is filled with water.  so who knows how long my watch was just sitting in water in the case.  this is complete crap and not even water resistant in the shower.  and i have had two of them, so it is not just a single bad product.  i will say the company was very quick to send me a replacement.  but that was about the only good part of my experience with catalyst.
bought this apple watch case because i work in construction and was looking for a dust proof/water proof case that could withstand my day to day work environment. this case seemed to fit the bill and for $60 i figured it would do the job. for a few weeks it worked great, but within a month of purchase the plastic which holds one side of the case together snapped, thereby rendering the case useless. they had a clever design on the button side of the watch with a small screw holding the case together, unfortunately they didn’t carry that over to the other side of the case which is surely causing a lot of stress on that plastic clasp.
i actually love the design but i had to return my original order because the case cracked and fell off without incurring a trauma. i ordered a new one because i liked the product. it has now been 39 days and the case has developed a crack around the screw that holds the case together. this is exactly where it failed the last time. this is obviously a design/mold flaw in the product. i specifically did not over tighten the screw to avoid this issue again and yet it is failing again. a moldflow analysis along with nonlinear structural study would likely resolve this design and/or production flaw.
first it started to leak water, after swimming i have to open the case and remove water. then, from side it broke without any fall or impact. i had to glue it with sugru, even after applying sugru it continued to leak water. put it in garbage where it belongs. i do not recommend this product, completely dissatisfied customer.
bulky, cant bend your wrist without the buttons being pressed.gave me a rash on my wrist the first week. after the second month of wearing it under normal conditions, the plastic got hard and broke off under one of the clips that hold it together. when wearing it with the plastic cover to make it more waterproof, you cant hear or talk to anyone during a call. 25$ case maybe.... 60$, never! would have returned it, but the warranty was up shortly before it broke
got my 3 one on january 17 and they are just not as well built for rough use as advertised i am on my 2 one got a 2nd set free from the maker and bought my 3 on from amazon now i am waiting for it to fall apart as the same issue as the first one is present again definitely would not recommend because of this issue it was a good idea
not happy. i need something good to protect my apple watch and ended up with a band that would destroy it when a little bit of sand got under my watch made its way into the band. and the twist knob never worked
your product is junk in my eyes. i had the case for a couple days, water tested it, put it on my watch, made sure not to over tighten the screw, also watched an amazon video to make sure i put the case on correctly.....only for the case to crack within three days i would give you a lower rating than one star but, the site makes you put at least one star
i don’t really do reviews period but the fact that this watch band broke in two months is ridiculous. for the price you pay it should last a lot longer than that. other reviews are correct the turn dial doesn’t really work on it and the fact it broke so quickly is really disappointing. it broke from where you put the little screw in first and then cracked on the bottom part (part on my wrist) so it isn’t as i could of broken it without causing damage to my actual screen. very disappointed.
buttons don’t reach, or don’t activate buttons on watch.  one had to press and twist hard
i originally loved the product ,did everything i wanted except no screen protector which i thought it had. wore it for about 3 weeks and the case itself cracked , i need to stress i have a labor job(i deliver mail ) but not to the point of where this case shouldn’t have held up to how they promoted it’s indescribablity.
this product is a piece of crap. i would never buy one again. broke within months of purchase. number one was never waterproof. number two the shell cracked and my $600 apple watch flew onto the ground. it needs a complete redesign. cheap brittle plastic that breaks almost immediately upon impact. steer clear of this product.
watch band was way to bright of a white. not as pictured.
made of cheap plastic and broke after a week of use.
i followed the instructions slowly and carefully. the controls do  it work with the case. took all apart and tried several times. the turn dial does not make contact. don’t waste your money
the knob on the side is too big. every time i bend my wrist, it activates siri. not to mention that the case itself broke after a few months of use.
broke in less than a week. looks awesome! just wish i didn’t pay this much for it to break
ruined my apple watch wish i would have never purchased
cheap and flimsy
my case broke the first time that it fell. it has two cracks and water got into my apple watch and now it doesn’t work.
broke a couple months after use sent message to them still no reply
case has cracked in less than a month.
this unit is held together with a top and bottom piece that secures together with one screw. i had it for a week and bumped my wrist against the door frame and the plastic screw housing cracked and fell apart. a product design flaw! the unit sits inside a silicon case which insulates it too much. phone calls and the heart beat monitor functions will not work due too the insulating factor. very disappointed. do not purchase this unit. you will be not be satisfied.
don’t fit right doesn’t came with a screen protector n the crown doesn’t work properly
does not work do not buy ruined my watch
we did not keep this because we didn't like it for a nbut
it's the wrong size how do i send it back
my husband is an electrician, he received the watch case for fathers day.  it broke less than 2 months later.  evidently this amazon purchase was from a third party seller.  my son would have no way of knowing this.  so catalyst essentially told me that we were sol. so find another watch case for your apple watch.
i used mine for a month and it worked great, keeping my new iwatch dry and safe but today, i crashed windsurfing and the case split open and my new apple watch sunk to the bottom of the sea.  i guess that's the difference between shock resistant and shock proof.
bought this watch case as gift a and the frame that holds the watch has cracked in less than a month. wanted to exchange for a new one but apparently i’m unable to at this point so i’m stuck with it.
this thing is really a poorly thought out blob. the only thing semi decent is the band, otherwise it makes using my apple watch series 2 -42mm an irritation. don't fall for the "sound membrane" as it doesn't work, everyone phone call you make or take will have people saying they can't hear you. take the case off and the problem goes away.....magic. if you use a charging stand the added bulk and weight often makes the watch slip off the magnetic area, and when you wake up you have an uncharged watch due to their design. the silicone against your wrist doesn't breath at all, so if you work outside, want to go for a run, or just get a little warm and your skin sweats this case becomes a suction cup keeping the sweat and dirt sealed against your wrist. while the case looks rugged the snap together design coupled with the single screw is as i found an accident waiting to happen. today while doing very little, i moved my arm and watched my apple watch go flying across the room....while the band is still attached to my wrist. the case came unsnapped, the single mounting screw post snapped itself off from the body internally and since i hadn't noticed there goes my watch flying with nothing but the stupid silicone sleeve. i took it the rest of the way off, placed it in the trash where it belongs and will never try another catalyst product....$60 wasted...never again.
extremely disappointed with the catalyst water proof cases. this is my 2nd case and today the clasp came off while racing in the spartan dodger stadium sprint. my previous case had an issue with the screw that connects the case because the screw was stripped. i literally wore the watch case 4 times and went through hell dealing with amazon for 2 months trying to get a new screw. the ultimately referred me to catalyst and they have been stringing me along too. my first case still isn't replaced and now i have an issue with my 2nd case. i expect more for $50 a case. i'll keep you all posted on my returns.
so i’m updating my review. had it for 4 months. had to get a new band because of the sweating factor. not catalyst fault. the issue is that the case broke at the screw area to the crown. bad part is i didn’t abuse the watch. it was never dropped, banged around or anything. very disappointed for a $60 case. i was going to warranty it but cataylst didn’t honor because of the vendor.
very difficult to remove. cannot unscrew at all. screw is damage.
i bought this as one of several anniversary presents for my husband. unfortunately after only several months the wristband broke and now the warranty has expired. at this price it shouldn’t have happened seeing that my apple watch factory band is still functioning quite well. so i can not recommend this product because it doesn’t live up to the advertisement of being a shock proof and rugged wrist watch.
waste of money! after about a month using this iwatch case the side without the bolt as popped open and will not protect my watch any longer. not worth $60.00 in my opinion and no warranty either. could do better else where than waste money. buyer beware!
got this for paintball since it seemed like the best protection... this thing doesn’t have a screen protector! and if you put a 3rd party protector on it won’t fit snug into the case and is no longer waterproof.
the silicone sleeve tore on second use. the manufacturer will not honor the 1 year warranty due to it being purchased from a reseller.
purchased this item in february. it worked very well the first use. just used at the end of august for the second time. after 2 days of using i noticed the roller button area had a crack. did not hold up to the real test of use. broke off. very expensive test. not happy with product.
wore it for a month and i was working out and the case popped open and the screw fell out and couldn't locate it.  did't hit the case with anything.
it’s a good product but a piece on the wristband broke two days after wearing it. very disappointed because the rest of the watch band is so great
case broke with little use around the hinge.
arrived broken and not that great of quality ended up returning it for a refund.
buyer beware, this item is not what it is advertised as. it is amazingly difficult to operate the watch once the case is attached. impossible  to use the wheel once the case is on.  the holding screw strips easily as well, so you better get it right the first time.  the instructions are poor and offer little guidance. buy a cheaper and more reliable case.
do not buy!!!!!! it has arrived empty and robbed my money!
did not work at all. i took my iphone in the water for ten minutes and it never worked again.  i don't usually write reviews, but after wasting $60 on this and ruining my apple watch i have to warn you.  don't buy this product. there is no guarantee it will work and it's a $250-$350 gamble if it fails.
disappointed. if you notice the watch in the picture is green but it is actually white. i bought it because of its green color.
purchased this back in january 2018. was not bad and protected my watch screen from any scratch. now it splits in half, cheap plastic junk that costed me 60 bucks.
this is my second catalyst in a year. works great for the first few months and then the main seal bolt strips out and the watch cover becomes useless and broken.
i was excited about the band and the materials seemed good. the leather was very hard at first but, i liked that the leather was softening with use. my main concern and why i gave it such a low rating is that the metal which connects to the watch separates from the bad often. they included extra screws and a mini screwdriver to fix this, but not the piece that gets separated. this happens almost on a daily basis and its very inconvenient. i understand they include those service parts but id rather receive item i didn't have to repair as often. now the metal piece that gets separated fell and i cant repair it.
i love the way it looks and everything but maybe 2 weeks after i purchased it the metal clasp that holds the watch in place (at the base where the screen is) fell apart and couldn't be fixed. i wasn't doing anything sporty or anything and it just came apart underneath my long sleeved shirt. i did have a jacket on, not sure if it was the layers or not, but either way, i am very disappointed in how short of time it was until it fell apart, and for no good reason. i never give negative reviews, but in my honest opinion, this was not worth the purchase at all.
i think this watchband looks sooo good. it came with a tool, but i didn't know what the tool was used for so i tossed it with the box. i've used this watchband maybe 10 times and the screw came loose which caused one side to disconnect from the apple watch. luckily i was sitting on the couch when this happened so i could save the screw. i emailed valkit asking for a new tool so i could fix this watch and no one ever responded. i decided to buy a precision screwdriver and tried to fix it myself, but the shape of the screw is not a philips nor a flathead. my husband was able to tighten it for me and the first time using it after fixing the side came off again and this time i no longer have my screw. so now i can't even wear my watch with this watchband anymore. i'm so annoyed!!! customer service, fix this problem so i can wear my watchband please!!
terrible product. waste of money. broke only after wearing it 3 times. then the seller gave the biggest run around when trying to return it. they are not a trustworthy seller. would never buy from them again.
bought this for my son for christmas and one of the pins already fell out! disappointed!!
the band broke after only wearing it 3 times. it was a gift to my daughter and she was very fortunate that her watch fell on a soft surface and did not break.
exactly like it is in the picture. i have the brown band with a 42 sized space grey apple watch. i wish the band were a bit fatter, but the face does not slide around on the band, so it should still be ok.
looks great , fell apart quickly. do you want looks or quality. metal part which holds the leather to watch fell apart and watch almost fell to ground. not great quality.
don't do it friends. this is a cute watch, but i've had it for a month and it's already broken. i wear it maybe 3x a week. and it's non returnable. just say no to poor quality.
not a really good product. pleather looks cheap and the screw that keeps the strap in place keeps falling out. sucks to have your watch fall off your wrist especially when your not at home to fix it. the only upside is that they provide you with a screwdriver to fix it. yet who really wants to be fixing their watch all the time
buyer beware—-  this item is not eligible for returns?!  i received this watch band two days ago and it isn’t quite what i wanted.  went to return it and apparently this seller simply does not accept returns!  wish i would have known this, i’d never have purchased this item.
very cute but very poor quality! i had been wanting this band and when i received it was exactly what i wanted. i must of worn it 4 or 5 times and it just broke!!!
updating to let y’all know it broke for no reason :( i went to grab it off the charger and it just fell apart. i’m just glad it didn’t happen while i was wearing it or working out and break my watch!
great! ...for the first 48 hours. the strap itself looks great - decent leather and quality stitching. the hardware is cheap and flimsy, as referenced by the fact that the pin attaching the leather to the apple watch connector broke within 48 hours of putting it onto my watch. the watch was only stopped from falling to the floor because the strap was wrapped around my wrist twice. don't buy!
color doesn’t look at all like image and when i was going to send it back and order a different color turns out it’s not returnable.
i bought this watch band after much consideration. i had it for approximately 6 weeks when it fell apart on me. first one of the small screws that held the metal clip to the watch came out. i was able to locate it and put it back in. two days later it came out again and the metal that held the band to the watch split in half. very disappointed in the quality.
don’t buy this product. i have barely use mine and month later is already broken. you can see by the pic that is not being used much and broke just by putting my watch one, which caused my phone to fall off.
i honestly can say i didn't get a chance to enjoy my watch band like i thought i would. i wore the watch  band twice and on the third wear the screws came out on me! i was so disappointed that i finally got the product and i couldn't enjoy it! i don't advise anyone to buy this product because the quality is very cheap!!!!!
broke within a week where it attaches to the watch. don’t waste your money.
the band was of bad quality and it came in the wrong size as advertised.  i also could not get any support from the vendor
very disappointing. the leather was extremely stiff. i also scratched my watch trying to remove it. very upset.
i only return items when they are not feasible. this equates to roughly 2 items a year. this was 1 of those 2. the band doesn't fit. the leather is poor quality and i can't figure out...well anything. $20+ was a stretch. it should've been $5.99. it is enroute back to the return center.
when this arrived, i was excited to finally have a cute leather option for my applewatch without having to pay hundreds of dollars. well, i'm thinking there's a reason why leather wrist wraps are hundreds of dollars. within two weeks of using this product, the metal arms that keep the watch attached had broken. there's no way to repair it, so it was a waste of money. you get what you pay for, and i paid for a piece of non-quality work. truly disappointed, especially since there isn't a return option.
spent over 5 minutes between the wife and i to try and get it buckled. seems like the buckle tongue isn’t long enough. they don’t accept returns.
i liked the band, however after wearing for 3 days it broke. one of the sections that is attached to the watch came apart in 3 different pieces. and i just tried to return product and it gave a not available for return message. very disappointed!
i really like the look of this band and the fit . after wearing it for two days the screw fell off of one side.
plastic not leather. do not be the fool that i was! they must have posted all the reviews themselves!!!! awful.
not at all leather, and not red but orange. just a cheap ugly counterfeit-looking item.
too long and does not work for me. not returnable so totally disappointed with this purchase. if you have small wrists do not buy this one. leather kind of stiff too so i don't think i can use it at all.
do not buy!
i bougt this band exactly 7 days ago and it already broke, not worth the money
poor quality. i swear there are false 5 star reviews. could not return
at first, i loved the watch band, but it fell apart while i was wearing it :( it looks like one of the tiny screws on metal strip that is on each piece fell out, and one part of the strap will not stay attached to the watch face
the connectors broke off the band. useless after that. didn’t even bother exchanging; just returned.
after only three months the screws feel out of the metal part. the screw feel to the ground and was never seen again. if you buy this, make sure to tighten the screws once and a while.
this watch band terrible, i've had it for 2 months (just past the return date) and it broke. i don't even wear it every day, i switch between bands. it's not real leather and it's extremely stiff.
the screw on the latch came undone within a week. i fixed it with a jewelry screwdriver but it popped off against the same day. not worth the money.
cheaply designed.. its ok in the begining but after some time (1-2 months) it comes apart in every possible way.. almost lost the watch one day because it came undone i was lucky i found the part that fell off.. have to retighten regularly it has become an annoying chore to the point im thinking of getting rid of it.
quality is low and they don’t let you return so purchase somewhere else
love the band. it looks great, but unfortunately it's not genuine leather. my band started to crack within a week of using it. very disappointed.
a really ugly orange rather than red.  band is too thick to fit through the buckle properly.  impossible to put it on by yourself.
the small bar that holds the band to the watch came undone because a tiny screw came loose. just thankful it didn't happen and i didn't notice. threw the band away and didn't even bother to return it. they can keep my $20 and choke on it, just happy i didn't lose the watch. a $20 lesson learned.
way too small, doesn't fit around my wrist. i used a large sports band and that fits fine. also the seller does not provide any return policy. so you're buying and committing, sight unseen, on some produced photos.
this band was very small. didn't fit the 4 adults i tried it on and was snug on my 11 year old.
it looked nice, but the screws fall out easily and the band falls apart. i almost lost my apple watch. returned it.
i liked this band and thought it was a good color and style.  however i used it for less than a week and the part where the band attaches to the watch face fell to pieces.  the screw that held it together backed out and the arm fell off.  if you buy it, check to make sure the screws are tight.
i’ve only had the band since june and it already broke.
very disappointed that there are no returns. product looks and feels cheap and not sure why there are so many high reviews. it’s stiff and looks like plastic. wish there was a way to return because now i am stuck with a product that i will never use.
this band fell apart within days of receiving it. the metal piece that fits into the adapted to connect to the watch disconnected from the band. extremely disappointed and will not be purchasing more colors or similar items.
i’ve bought 2 of this exact band and both have broke... i thought maybe the 1st one was just bad luck but to have both break is just bad quality, i only wore the 2nd band for a few hours .... and to make matters worse it’s a no return  item ... 😡know one should purchase anything from this company.
the band broke within 4 short wears. it also shows not eligible for return. very disappointed to say the least.
very poor quality. the band is very light and flimsy.
i ordered this watch a year ago and loved it but just got a new one and the material is completely different. it irritates the skin and leaves a rash. not sure why they changed it and now they say it can’t be returned..
this was not at all what i was expecting. not even leather, its plastic and the the buckle didn't even work.
i realized after i received this band that i already had the exact same color.  i was thinking that this particular brown was darker than the one i already have. i went to submit a return and this item is non-returnable.
i bought this band around the beginning of february. i only wear it as a ‘dressed up’ band, going to dinner and such. well the band broke tonight. pretty disappointing know how little i really wore it and how quickly it broke😔
i tried to return this band but it says “ebligable for return”. does not fit like in the pictures. you can see from the pictures that the second loop doesn’t lay flat and it looks really dumb. would not recommend and wish i could return.
i received this watch band for my apple watch for christmas. in the two days since i put it on my watch, it has fallen off my wrist twice - once almost causing my watch to fall to the floor. i would not recommend this watch to anyone.
good looking watch band...have bought it twice. seems the hardware to hold the watch in place has failed both times. wish it would be better.
doesn’t not fit on my wrist. there’s no eligibility to return the product and now i’m stuck with a product that’s useless.
non-returnable item. watch doesn’t not fit within cutout for sensor to touch wrist. must remove watch from band in order to charge. waste, especially since its nonreturnable.
if i could give this review 0 i would. worst product ever! i’ve had it 7 days and maybe used it 5 times and the metal broke in half that holds the band. it’s awful. cheapest material and way too expensive to not be able to use. don’t buy this product!!!
piece of garbage and not wearable or returnable. the pin that should insert into the watch band holes is way too short so there is no way to secure the strap. what a disappointment.
i have had the band for little over a month and it has broke 2 times.  not good quality at all. beyond my return time, hopefully the seller will offer help.
cheap and does not fit like shown...very unhappy will never buy from here again, they do not accept returns and the watch band is cheaply made and no good
nice color and fit, but broke after second wearing. don’t waste your money on this one.
this watch band doesn’t properly fit and the clasp doesn’t work but they don’t accept returns for faulty items so you’re just out of luck!
lasted 4 days! not worth it!
second time i purchased this band and has broken both times.
got it for my wife, item does not fit and does not state anywhere in their description that the item isn't returnable!  i'm out $20!
this band looks amazing! however the post is far too short so it takes about 3 minutes to put this watch on. also the post comes out of the notches throughtout the day. very poor quality.
band did not fit my wrist and is ineligible for return, now i’m stuck with something i can’t use.
it broke a few weeks after owning it. it was able to be fixed, but not worth the price.
i bought this item and thought i got a good deal. not even a month later and the glass broke while i was wearing it.  i tried to now return and i am not allowed to.  do not buy... no good and not good costumer service.
the band keeps locking my watch. it lifts it just enough that the watch thinks it’s off your wrist. i was super excited but now not so much.
beware - this cannot be returned if you don’t like it....
my strap broke after 3 days of use. very disappointed with product. do not recommed
i was very unhappy when i put this on and the prong was not long enough to go into the notch hole. i will not be ordering this brand again.
i have tried and tried and this band is impossible to put on by myself. pain in the rear.
i wore it twice casually and a screw came out. i'm very disappointed. after reading more reviews it's apparently common that a screw falls out! i shouldn't have to go through the hassle of returning when it's a known issue... i just want a refund
watch band only lasted 5 weeks not happy at all with it
would give a 5 star but there is no return policy. so it dose not fit. and we are stuck with it.
i was very excited to receive my band, but was disappointed that the buckle was broken. the worst part is that i was unable to return this defective item. beware!!!
i’ve owned it less than a month and it’s broken. i didn’t use it everyday either. and apparently i cannot return it...
it looks very nice, but the band broke after the 3rd use. unfortunately, for me i didn't wear it as soon as i received it and my 30-day return period was up.  at least it was inexpensive.
there was a part to attach the band to the watch missing! i had to throw it in the garbage!
i only had this product for one week until it fell apart. i tried to fix it however all of the screws holding it together came apart. i would not recommend this. i can't return it either because of the return policy.
not good quality
this band is trash. it’s super cute but fell apart after a week. luckily i was paying attention or my apple watch would’ve hit the ground. do yourself a favor and buy name brand
item was much lighter than it looked, and too large. i ordered the same band for myself a year ago and it fits perfectly; this one is too long even when wrapped.
the strap doesn’t even hold on to my apple watch, it’s not secure at all.
color and quality is good.
just in one month failed from my wrist .
this is the second time i've purchased this band and both times a screw fell out and the band is no longer usable
this band is really beautiful but it broke within a month of owning it.... tried contacting the seller with no response. very disappointing!
although this strap looks great, it doesn't fit the small end of the sizing, i measured my wrist and according to the specifications it should have fit but it was actually significantly too big
completely different band than in the pictures. this one has a giant ugly buckle and the thicker cuff part wraps all the way around my wrist unlike others
doesn’t fit watch properly i wish i had gotten the real thing from apple.
this was great for as long as it lasted- less than 2 months!  one of the posts fell out.  i was fortunate that i didn't lose my watch.  if you value your watch don't trust this band.
very disappointed, as the return window has closed and the watchband broke.  i have had it for 2 months, never got it wet and it broke.  now i have a broken watchband and cannot return it.
this was the second one i have bought. the first came in the mail broken. my second lasted maybe 3 weeks tops! i love the look of it and got tons of compliments, but it didn't last.
no stars!!! it’s too long and female style , not male style! i was planning on exchanging it but there is a no return policy on this item! plus, it’s not real leather! do not buy!
thought this was so cute but it’s broken within 30 days... and it’s ineligible for a return. so disappointed.
i’m so sorry to say but this product not worth the money . style is cute but broke after 2 days . fell apart and i almost lost my i watch ....
the band was difficult to keep in place due to the short stainless sell pin for adjusting the wholes for securing.
buyer beware. the band is low quality & not eligible for return! the life should have tipped me off regarding quality. the no-return policy took me by surprise.
i had only worn my watch band 1 time until it broke..... i love the product but can no longer wear it since the closure completely snapped in half... wondering if i can return this product??
this band was terrible.  the band popped off and broke within the first few hours of putting it on.  and not eligible for return.
watch band broke within 3 months of purchase. i  ended up having to purchase this again.
strap broke after wearing watch less than a week. my watch fell off and cracked. very unhappy customer.
i ordered the brownness band for the 38mm apple watch. i was highly disappointed when it arrived because it was not leather and had a strong plastic/vinyl smell. returned it immediately.
loved it while it lasted which was just a week. screw kept coming out and then i realized it was stripped so no way to wear it anymore.
this watch band broke after just 1 month of wearing it. would not recommend. metal piece that slides into the watch is cheaply made.
buckle broke 4 weeks later
broke in less than a month, metal rod became detached while sitting at the dinner table. loved it before that!
the bar is too short and doesn't allow it to hook through the hole of the wristband. i.e. it can't be used. waste of money!!!!
the connectors to the watch broke apart with 2 weeks. the tiny screws holding the brackets fell out and made the bad unable to be used
after getting the strap put on my watch, it broke the second day. pieces went flying.
do not buy. it broke after 2months!
very stiff, had to really work the leather to soften it up enough to wear. wore it for about 2 weeks before it broke.. would not recommend this band.
gave as a gift.  wrong size.  didn't realize there are no returns on this band.  not a good choice.
the latch broke within a month. i almost dropped my watch. i really liked the strap band but the quality of the latch was very poorly designed,
it broke within a week of wearing it.
this band broke and it fell off my wrist. my watch broke.
broke after less than two months
horrible, do not purchase. the clasp does not work.  and not eligible for return. very disappointing.
product broken within two weeks. very cute band just poorly built.
this item broke the first time i wore it. and it is not returnable on amazon. i am very disappointed.
poorly made. the closure pin is too short to stay in the hole. this was wasted money. very disappointed.
would like no stars. came broken with no return or replacement policy.
the band would not buckle
it broke in less than a week, i would not recommend buying it at all. it also isn't even genuine leather.
not real leather. very stiff and certainly not worth what i paid.
i bought this item and it broke within a week, a piece came loose. i am super disappointed!
the metal clasp broke after only having it for two weeks! very dissapointed.
poor quality imitation leather.  the watch band broke within the first week.
the first day i wore this band, it broke apart and i almost lost my watch. do not buy!
way too big, does not fit well at all
fell apart within one week of wearing it. i am hoping to be receive a refund.  very disappointed
fell apart within 2 months of use.
says it can fit the 42 apple watch but it's too small.
mine already broke after just a few times of wearing it. :(
i ordered black and got grey.
really cheap! i cannot wear it
broke after using for 2 weeks
warning, it says free returns but you cannot return this item.
didn’t fit it was too big and they won’t allow me to return this item!!!!!
the band would not buckle, could be made incorrectly. is not returnable.
i need to switch sizes on my band and they have no returns 😳
broke 3 weeks after using only a few times
band runs very small in diameter
love the look and comfort but brook within a few days of wearing it!
love the look but the band broke in less than 60 days.
i was very disappointed with this product. it does not secure on both sides of my watch, it was a waste of money
do not buy. no return available!!!!
it is totally different than in the picture, in the picture it is shiny, where as the one i received is matt finish....
product broke at the watch part and the actual watch was almost lost.
very low quality :(
as soon as i took this out of the box and attempted to put it on my apple watch it fell apart.
i had to send this item back. it was a lot smaller than advertised. the bands also did not fit into my watch.
fell apart as soon as i got it and wore it once. not very good quality
the band came with two different sized connectors. returned immediately.
this broke after a week! glad i caught the watch face before it fell
broke the first time i wore it.
second one that broke after 2 months of wearing
it’s not real leather
very stiff, so cheap looking disappointed in that purchase
did not fit
not even real leather.
hinge broke within a week of having it. do not buy
i was excited about this band but it fell apart just the other day. i've had it for just three months and it broke. i never wore it for strenuous activity and treated it with care.
i have never left a negative review before receiving this white crocodile 38mm band for my apple watch. when i received the container that the band came in, it was dirty and so i assumed that the band was not defective and dirty, but only the clear plastic container was dirty. however, once i opened the defective container - the band itself was actually defective and the white leather was peeled off and dirty. i have never worn the white band, nor did i even take the band out of the clear container once i realized that the leather was coming off the band. this was a huge disappointment. i have ordered several watch bands from other companies on amazon and have never had this problem. the leather is obviously extremely cheap and poorly made if it is coming off before it has ever been worn. i would not recommend purchasing a band from this company after this experience.
this was a piece of junk-put the band on my apple watch, put on my wrist and attempted to buckle it. the strap completely broke before securing and the buckle broke right off. i should have known this was a waste of money. if you spend good money on your watch spend the money for a quality band. i only bought this because i really wanted the apple watch band in this color but it was sold out so i thought maybe this would be comparable-no way...
i hate that i wasted my time buying this product. i've been lucky and never had to return something i bought on amazon prime. until now. it does not lock into place, so i could lose my apple watch face, or drop and break it. not worth the risk! also the bands are incorrectly made. they are two-tone with a lighter tone being the underside and the darker tone being what you see when you wear it. both of them are connected the same way to the insert apparatus, so if they locked into place, one band would be upside down. do not buy this product.
nice quality band, but for someone with an average size wrist, this is quite small. the fact that it wraps around the wrist twice interferes with monitoring my pulse and staying unlocked, it keeps requiring my pin to unlock my watch when i just want to check the time or messages. quite annoying.
i ordered this for my daughter i received it on 8 december she needed to return it because the watchband has to touch your skin in order to work properly and it did not but i could not return it, they did not give me a reason i’m assuming it was 30 days but it was a christmas gift and i believe you should have more time than that thank you for your time
strap did not fit in my apple watch. very disappointed.
don't waste your time or money !!!!!
a
loved the style and look, but unfortunately  the metal clasps that attaches to the watch broke off. i'm lucky i was sitting at dinner and the watch fell onto the table. i've only owned it 2-3 weeks and this isn't a case of abusing it. i wouldn't purchase again.
i don't tend to write a lot of reviews, but i thought this warranted it.  i bought this over the black friday weekend, to go along with my new apple watch 3 that my wife just bought me.  when i received it, the band is not real leather, and has a very cheap look and feel to it.  i assumed that i would be able to return it, since the item is brand new and i just received it.  turns out for some reason i cannot return the item?  it's only  $15...but i would have had more satisfaction burning $15 than i do with this watch band.  very disappointed and especially disappointed in amazon that they wouldn't step up and make this right.
bought the double 38mm brown to fill the space between my 3/4 sleeve/wrist and it’s perfect! seems good quality; just wish there was another hole because my wrist is small and it’s a little loose.
i received my order this evening. the band looks great, exactly as pictured and the leather on the inside is soft, feels great against your wrist. unfortunately, i only tried it once because the buckle on mine is defective. the pin barely fits in one side, so when you try to buckle it, or move the band, the clasp breaks. it’s an obvious manufacturer defect. returning it for a refund. i paid too much for my watch to have the clasp break and risk damaging it.
it's tiny, made for a women's wrist only. the image is also false to what you'll receive. the photos show little if any room in the attachment point yet in actuality the band is much thinner making the watch slide about 2-4 mm. false advertising.
junk!  terrible quality, cheaply made and i wouldn't want to be buried wearing this thing!
after wearing it for about 2 week, it fell apart
received this yesterday, wore it for half a day and the metal loop that connects to the band already broke
broke within 3 days of starting to use it.
garbage the tiny screw fell out the second time my wife wore it. would return but somehow this item is not returnable. complete waste of money don’t buy this.
don't waste your money. this product is genuine plastic not genuine leather as advertised!
brockenwithin first 30 days
already turning and haven’t had it on a full week
genuine rubbery plastic with an offending off gassing odor. not even close to the posted pictures. really disappointed because i had bought a previous valkit band and it was good quality and (more) genuine leather. save your money. look elsewhere. unfortunately, it appears that cuckoo doesn't honor returns, which is understandable given the quality of their merchandise. wish i had checked before... most vendors do these days. ah well... guess i've been cuckolded.
i love the band - color is true, good quality leather, looks great....but after less than 2 weeks of wear, one of the tiny screws that hold the catch together came out causing my watch to fall off my wrist onto the tile floor.  i put it back together to the best of my ability, but the next day, it came apart again, the watch falling on carpet this time (thankfully).  i returned it.  i wish it had lasted - i really liked the band.  now, i'm just grateful my watch didn't break.
watch band looked great when i received it, but fell apart the second time i wore it. luckily, my watch fell off on my desk and not in the floor. this could have broken and/or lost my apple watch that i spent hundreds of dollars on!!!!
i was please with the appearance of the watch and it looked nice on my arm. i give it 1 star, because the band broke after 4 days.  i didn’t realize it was broken until a co-worker noticed my watch was not on and i found it thankfully in the floor of my car.  apple watch is to expensive to lose due to an insufficient band.
got this on may 5th and now (may 25th) it broke and my watch flew from my arm. thankfully i did not damage my watch. the metal pin that holds the leather strap to the metal part (where you attach to the watch) broke and now its useless. was hoping it would last at least a few months, but it didn't make it through the 1st month. all this and i am a careful person (did not getthe band wet etc). very disappointed. do not buy!
i had this watch for a short time like 2 weeks at the most and it already broke. the screws are too short and they strip. it is really pretty but poorly put together. i thought the price was good, but the product was poor. never would buy this product again.
i purchased this band hoping to find something a little more fashionable. the ratings were a little all over the place and now i can understand why. unfortunately, it never describes the fact that it is clearly intended for women - there is no way it's getting on my wrist and i'm a perfectly normal sized man. the quality of the band itself and the packaging also screams of a sub-par product, so i'm actually glad i won't be keeping this.
extremely disappointed, do not buy! this watch band is definitely not leather, it is a very uncomfortable fake plasticy leather, and the color is very different from the picture. worst yet, despite the fact that it does not say anywhere on the product page, apparently you cant return this item?! so now i'm stuck with it... will definitely be taking this issue up with amazon to demand a refund. seriously, do not buy
update::::buckle fell off... just hit the floor. 😩. wore band approximately 6 weeks....
love the look of this band. unfortunately, i have purchased two ignorant these bands and they keep breaking. the second and i purchased broke after one wear. i fixed it with the handy little kit they send along with the band and it lasted 2 weeks and broke again, this time one of the piece she were lost when it broke so i am unable to fix it. this is what happened with my other band as well - it broke while at work and i didn't realize it until the piece was long gone. nothing has been do not buy from this company!!!!!
love the feel & color of the band, but have had so much trouble with the band staying attached to it's hardware - a tiny, tiny screw falls out - i've been able to find it and reattached 3 times, but it fell out this weekend and is lost so now the band is no good...would not buy again.
there are no returns on this item, so choose wisely!  my wrist is small and the watch looks too bulky next to the strap.  so, i’m stuck with a product i don’t like.  i didn’t see a warning that this product is non refundable😩
i received this watch band last thursday and it broke 5 days later. it wasn’t even worn everyday of those 5 days. the hinges that connect the band to the watch broke on one side.
poor quality - it broke after a little over a month of wear, at which point the return window had closed. the connector to the watch just fell apart - i hadn't even touched it to anything and i hadn't been switching the band out either.
this product came and looked as promised, looks good. one little problem, the tang buckle didn't work because the the middle piece was no long enough to clasp through the leather, meaning this watch is useless to me. i tried to return it but it has a no return policy. amazon did refund my money when i called and told them it was listed and no returnable so at least amazon was honorable.
brown on the faux leather wipes off, no returns, after being worn five times the hardwear has broken. wish i could get a refund.
it was stylish
i don’t know what’s leather about this.  it smells bad when you take it out of the package.  a real disappointment as i thought i was getting a leather band as it states in the description.  i really don’t like being lied to.
only lasted two days. the. wire pin inside the leather that attaches to the apple watch broke in two.
the latch fell apart already.  terrible craftsmanship.  and it’s not returnable.
band connection to watch broke, looked nice.
the band is really thin and complete diferent than the picture and they don't allow you to return it
gave this band as a gift to my wife as a gift. she wore it 4 days and it broke! it looked good for those 4 days
don’t like the way it fits. not for people that have fat wrists
does not look anything like the photo; it looks cheap and fake in person.
not real leather
don't buy! i didn't use this band initially because its smell was intolerable. after a month or so the smell had dissipated enough so i thought i'd give it a try but discovered one of the attachments was broken. too late to return so my loss but i'd advise apple watch wearers to find something better.
poor quality, the strap smells really bad. cheap hardware.
not a fan, it doesn’t fit me right even at the smallest. and unfortunately i can’t return it, they just say not eligible for returns. keep looking for a better one, his one isn’t it 😞
disappointed. description says made of genuine leather. it smells like plastic and is a little stiff. i wanted to return it but i’m getting a message that the item is not eligible for returns. i didn’t realize it would smell so cheap.
broken after two days wearing - worst part i almost lost apple watch absolutely horrible!!!!!
i should have read the one star reviews...band broke, out of no were, just fell off my wrist onto the concrete. amazon won't replace or return because it's out of "the 30 day return window". it's garbage, buy a nicer band.
purchased it before and it was perfect! product got extremely dirty so i purchased a second one and it !!!!!fell apart the 1st day i wore it!!!!!! so upset :(
i ordered this band because of all the great reviews, but i am very disappointed! i ordered the brown natural leather wrap around band. it's nicely made, but the 2 pieces of the band are 2 different colors! they do not match!!! what a waste!
band is not very bendable so does not wrap around wrist naturally.
i bought this 5 months ago. it started peeling after 2. then today it broke in two.
returning product after less than a week. band broke.fortunately when watch fell off my wrist it fell on soft mat at the gym. band is also ver stiff.
very cheap looking - threw it away
nope. didn't fit good and rubbed against the apple watch screen. terrible if you move around much.
the description described it as genuine leather but it doesn't look it and it is very stiff, making it uncomfortable.
loved the style, but the quality was poor.  buyer beware....you get what you pay for!
too small and iit isn’t eligible for return😡😡
i have only worn it several times and the band broke
would not allow return of this item.
it is far too long, so i can't wear it.
this broke really easily. i don’t recommend it.
the connection with the watch is terrible, need better quality control
horrible!!! not worth spending money on i will be returning product... it doesn't fit nicely on watch it is hard to put on!! i do not recommend product
i like it  but the thing is that the strap are too thin for gents which doesnt look like from the pictures.
its not real leather and looks very cheap. you get what you pay for
material too hard for my wrist!
the clip part that connects to the watch broke after 3 months
very uncomfortable!
i purchased this in february and a month later the metal that connects to the watch itself broke. luckily i was at home or i could have lost my watch. i am disappointed since i liked the look of the white alligator watch band itself.
i bought two of these (two different colors) and they both had the exact same issue (on two different watches, so it wasn't the watch).  one end of the band had an adapter that was too loose and would never lock in to the quick release.  the adapter on the other end of the band was so tight that i couldn't even get it in to the channel on the watch for fear of damaging it.  this was true with both bands and both watches.  also the leather felt cheap and not supple at all.  i sent them both back.
i purchased this band one month ago and today it fell off of my wrist causing my watch face to smash on the floor. i loved it up until that point. cheap craftsmanship if it falls apart that easily. luckily my watch face wasn't broken but is scratched. i would not advise others to purchase this band.  beware.
4 days later when it fell off of my wrist because a screw came loose. the screws are so small i was unable to find the one that came undone. no biggie, except, the watch repair place and jewelry stores do not have replacement screws. also, according to the watch repair place had a costumer, the day before i brought mine in, bring in the exact same watch band with the same problem. very sad as i really liked this watch. there’s just no way to fix it.
i really liked the look of this watch and was so excited but the small metal pieces that hold strap together broke quickly and its unfixable. also i lost my apple 3 series cellular watch and didn't know it fell, luckly i located it with app.  very disappointed that it is so cheap. otherwise the leather is nice and seems durable.
very dissatisfied!  this is to small for my wrist and i simply wanted to get a larger size but it’s not eligible for return!!! seriously!  amazon, i always rave about your service but this is ridiculous.  very disappointed i’m stuck with something i can’t use!
not well built. my wife used it for a few hours and one screw fell and another was loose. we immediately request a refund and returned the product.
kinda cheaply made
i really wanted to like this but it kept breaking, almost destroying my watch!!! i am lucky i was at home standing on carpet when it happened. i neither lost it nor did it hit a hard surface when it fell.
this was not at all as advertised. the quality is poor and it looks like plastic. when i tried to return it, i was told there are no returns allowed.
have had the band less then a month and do not wear it everyday and it has broke alread
love this band, and received lots of compliments on it, but unfortunately after wearing for just a little over a month, the pin kept working it's way out and the band would fall off from the watch.  i would stick it back in, but it would never stay, so i had to quit wearing it or i was afraid it would fall off and my watch would break or i'd lose it.  i read reviews prior to ordering it that said this was a problem, but the manufacturer said it was fixed.  i tightened the screws when i received it as stated by the manufacturer, but it repeatedly came apart anyway.
i absolutely loved this band. it was stylish, and it seemed really sturdy. but after only two months it broke. there is a microscopic screw where it connects to the watch. yes, they give you a tool to screw it back in, but that doesn’t help when it falls apart on the go and all the tiny pieces disappear in a crowd. big disappointment.
this thing is beyond funky. does not look good when put on
this item looks similar as shown, but the part of the clasp that goes into the band to put it on is too short. i cannot get it into the band. unfortunately, this item can not be returned.
very cheap materials, super low quality! no returns???? i guess they know what they are selling.
flimsy and the strap is too long.
i wanted to love this — it had such great reviews! and, for a while, i did love it. for about, 5 days. it didn't even last a week. i was walking and it snapped right off my wrist, luckily the watch piece fell on the carpet but the metal part of the band didn't last.
loved it until it would no longer stay attached to my i watch face. leather wears very quickly. i have owned for less than a month :(
i was excited to receive this strap as i've been wanting something like this in awhile. the packaging was nice and i had high expectations about the items quality but when i opened the box - i felt very disappointed with this purchase. the strap looked like pvc and not genuine leather. if it is leather then it looked like painted leather. the strap is thin and the over- all quality is just not at par with some of the leather straps i bought for the same price. the stitching near the clasp was broken too. don't think i can wear this. so sad such a waste of money. too bad i can't return this item as i'm in asia and returning this would cost me twice or thrice the price of the strap.
not the best knock off out there and when i purchased it, it cost $40. i was really disappointed. it's shipping from china which is fine with me but the quality is not up to par for the price comparing to one of the better ones out there. i found a better one on amazon by seller cinors and love it.
truly garbage. can’t possibly be leather. horrible, cheap plastic look. too embarrassed to wear it.
it's cheap looking. it was such a pain trying to lock into the watch. kept on falling apart. i don't trust it at all. would hate for it to come apart and lose my watch. i'm annoyed i have to go through the whole process of returning it now.
this band infuriates me. i have to have it so tight in order for the watch to recognize my wrist. i had a band like this from a different producer and it was always fine. i am not sure why this one won't work. i wish i could return but it won't give me the option.
this just arrived today and is a piece of crap, to put it bluntly. feels cheap, and the buckle broke off the second i put the watch on. definitely going back asap.
i found the so-called-leather to appear cheap. it developed leather “texture” when moved around. almost seems like the tissue, thin, top skin is glued onto the band for a leather-like look. not impressed. returned the item.
just looks bad - the closure is clunky and sticks out funny.
i was very disappointed with the watch band. because of the way it wrapped around my wrist, it would sometimes loosen up and the watch back would not make contact with my wrist and require me to re-enter the pass code.  also, the second wrapping of the band would hit the button on the side of the watch and activate siri.  i ended up cutting the band and adding another hole so that it would only wrap around once.
this is not genuine leather as the product states and it turned my wrist orange after the first time
i guess you get what you pay for. this is not a leather band. and the pieces that connect to your apple watch look like they are going to snap any second. don’t waste your money on this.
i hated the way it felt. it didn’t cross correctly!!! terrible quality. wish i could have my money back
the band worked great the first time i put it on.  it looks great but since i took it off and put it back on, now, i cannot get the pin in the hole.  it simply won't reach and i have put on watch bands my entire life.  i had to attach velcro for fear the watch would fall off.
this is very cheap and feels like a hard piece of plastic.
the color is darker than i was expecting-more of a dark brown than the orangey brown in the pictures online. i also ordered the one specifically for shorter wrists and it’s still huge. i don’t like having so much of the band stick out like that. see photo. leather seems cheap but what do you expect for that price. can’t beat it and it’s giving me the look i was going for even though too big.  so, i’m going to keep it and just make it work.
so cheaply made. this isn’t even real leather.
wore it for about a week and the metal part that connects it to the leather band broke.  waste of money!!
i returned this item, tough leather, no adpapter as stated and the prong was too short.  would not recommend
i bought this for my daughters birthday on october 8 for her birthday on the 11. she had not had it for a week and it broke. the watch fell to the floor. the band looked very nice but its not worth it if it does not work...
the band would not lock into my 42mm apple watch. however, my sport band does. so it’s not the watch, it’s the band that sucks.
very cheap
the material is so stiff that the apple waych doesn't lay flat on the skin, and therefore won't work. if your wrist is larger it might work out okay
does not look like leather at all. i read so many reviews and finally decided on this one. this looks very cheap and inexpensive, and certainly not leather!
looks nice, but had to return. bottom band would not lock in to the watch, kept sliding out. defective locking mechanism.
i didn't even have it for one day and the buckle fell off and the band broke. too bad, it was really a pretty band.
cheap looking band. got band on august 1st and wore 1-2 times per week and metal piece broke from band already. had to throw the band out.
literally fell apart on my wrist
was really excited to get this band. it broke before i could even put it on my watch. don't want to put a star at all but it made me.
i loved this when i got it. now it is broken. i nearly lost my watch because one side completely detached. i'm returning for a refund.
it’s just cheap. don’s waste your time or money.
the buckle can't fit in the hole to close the watch strap and takes more than 5 mins just to fit it in.
this watch band is way too small once wrapped around the wrist. it fits like a 38mm band, not a 42mm band as advertised.
unfortunately would not buy this again - it was very small and did not fit my wrist. i would suggest measuring your wrist first.
doesn't fit wrists correctly for apple watch
very disappointed. i received my watch band yesterday and was excited to wear it with my apple watch. less than 24 hours later it's broken, lost a screw and it completely infixable. i'm so upset because i was really looking forward to this leather band. must be very cheaply made.
wouldn't attach to watch,
not useful at all .it couldnot to hold your watch on your hand.!
i got the large band and it was still to small. also the material is very cheap. i threw the item away.
watch band broke after 4th time wearing it.  skip this - it's a piece of junk!
will not support child labor
watch band broke within 3 months of purchase.
second time buying this band and both time its broke. do not buy.
but the clasp is impossible to do up
don’t buy this watch band the buckle piece doesn’t fit into the holes
looks cheap poorly made unhappy
very disappointed of this product, it is too small!
looked great, but broke after less than a month of wear.
very cheaply made. within 5 minutes of me taking it out of the box the band attachment broke. not worth your money. do not buy.
looked good but broke after one wear totally annoyed
awful quality. band broke less than a month of wear.
piece of junk! it broke after 30 days
bad leader no good quality
it doesn't look like leather
1. the band did not have any holes in it. very disappointed.
i really liked the band, but the post to stick through the holes in order to size appropriately is too small. there’s no way i can even get it into one of the holes at all. considering returning the band because i will always have to tighten it through the loops.
does not fit right
metal clasp broke on the first day.
while i was attempting to put the watch face on the band the pin that holds the the watch to the metal clip broke rendering the band useless.
the band feels cheap, not even remotely like leather. it also stains my arm an orange color if it gets even just a little wet. awful purchase!
wasted money!!!  leather is ok.....however the clasp is cheap and nonfunctional.  the tine on the clasp is not long enough to catch in the holes on the band.  cannot wear for fear of losing my watch.
review for the cuff. not real leather. first day and the layers are already separating. i'm a normal weight 6' guy and i have to have it on the last hole as it is too short. not impressed at all.
super cheap material
not real leather - disappointed with the purchased -
the leather part that wraps around the sliding clasp spilt in half. the watch hit the floor. good thing it was not over pavement. looking for better quality now don't mind spending a little more.
looks cute but due to the double wrap style, the leather band slides under the watch blocking the sensors and making it think it is no longer attached to your wrist. i end up having to enter my passcode every time i want to use it. it never rings and i never get text messages. getting a different style asap.
my watch fell off once and i thought i hadn’t strapped it on well. luckily i found the watch and noticed that the screws had to be popped back in. i did just that. the following day, in the midst of a busy day, the watch fell off again. this time i couldn’t find it. $400 down the drain. i shouldn’t have trusted the strap a second time.
i was expecting the band to be flexible so it could wrap around my wrist twice. it was very stiff and didn't look at all like the pictures.  it would take way too long of ugly wear to get it to be worn/flexible enough to look good.
it comes in multiple pieces, not as pictured, with the band not yet fixed to the wider strap. feeding the band through the wider strap broke off the buckle hasp, and i never even got the chance to use it.
defective/missing parts. super disappointed as i was going to wear this on a trip- and i won't be back in time to make the amazon return window. it may be genuine leather and looks great, however it is useless if i cannot attach it to my watch...
returned because it wouldn't stay in place on my wrist.  i do have tiny wrists.  cute product - wish it could've worked for me.
it’s cute but the metal latch is too short so the watch is always loose. not sure why mine is so short. save yourself a few dollars and do not get this watch band! it looks good, but what use is a watch band that you can’t use?
cheap quality. wont lay flat on your wrist and your watch constantly locks itself.
i sent this back.  i felt like it was so cheap and just not anything that should hold an apple watch.  i bought a real leather cuff from rockstar leatherworks and i love it!  custom made just for me.
this band came broken. i was so excited it arrived and one edge was just hanging off the prong. i tried for an hour to see if i could fix it but the metal prong is not long enough so it doesn’t stay in the hole and keeps slipping out. so disappointed.
the material is very cheap. the strap is quite wide and bulky and does not double over very well. wouldn’t recommend it.
the buckle on this watch band broke before i even put it on. returned.
wife didn't like this leather strap.goes back to you get what you pay for.  it looked and felt generic
it was really thick on my wrist.
looked good, but didn't align in a way that the watch would work properly. skin to watch contact was faulty
thus thing is a price of crap. it's flimsy and the watch doesn't even fit it slides right out! i tried to cancel the item before they shipped it and then they continued to ship it anyway now i have to return it and they are charging me 7$ to do so!!!! do not buy
looks nice but way too big. no where near the size of the real ones and i unfortunately don’t have the packaging to sent it back
don't buy unless you have very small wrists. the quality feels great, but it just fits on the very last hole and it's still too tight. kind of ridiculous when i fit into a size small apple watch band with room to spare.
didn't fit
this watch band is made from the roughest leather.  it feels so uncomfortable its unwearable.  unfortunately, i missed the return window and am stuck with something i will never use.  do not buy this, you won’t like it.
i wore it once and the buckle fell off
it broke on only the second day of wearing it! i do not recommend purchasing this poor quality product!
it didn't fit (not long enough) and it's already breaking :( i was super excited for it too because i love the look.
at first, the product was awesome! i loved it. but in a week it broke. i was not doing anything extraneous, just simply wearing the watch.
looks pretty but too small and if this is leather than i seriously need to learn about leather.  never again will i order from this person
i didn’t expect perfection at this price point, but i did expect it to have all of its hardware and at least look like real leather, albeit not the best quality. this watch band came missing hardware, making it impossible to attach one end to the other. i guess you would call it the clasp or buckle? the leather feels like cheap imitation leather. anyway, it’s worthless and now i have to go print off a shipping label and wait 7 days after they receive it to get a refund. maybe i just got unlucky, but i wouldn’t risk it. so disappointed.
i don't like the color 😥and the width maybe if it shorter to be one round and darkness will be better. anyway i liked the materials.
the quality of the leather is awful and already ripped and the color is not as pictured. the leather is also cardboard are and doesn't sit well on wrist
difficult to put on.
received the order on time and as described. it's a great looking band and fit perfectly. the biggest issue is that the sensor doesn't rest on the arm. it sits on the leather band. even though there's a cutout for the sensors the watch kept locking up. i would have to keep entering my unlock code. even when i tightened the band as tight as i could get it on my wrist i would have it lock up on me. wore it for about for a whole day before getting frustrated and returning it. disappointing because it's a nice looking band.
looks cheap and is very uncomfortable, also it tends to fall off the watch - which means i ended up loosing part of the strap and nearly my whole watch!
pretty, but left a stain around my wrist. had to take it off.
i was looking forward to receiving this and got a cuff bracelet instead. by no means is this for an apple watch. i'm confused how this can be used as a band for your watch. there's no way to attach anything to it. the color of the leather was darker as well. i will be returning.
very disappointed! it took forever to arrive and is very cheap quality. not happy :(
this band does not have holes as in the photo. it fell off my wrist.
not leather, very cheap plastic looking band.  returned it.
cheaply made and barely fit wrist of a 145lb teenager.
it is uncomfortable and it doesn’t look nice
i ordered this because i thought it would be super cute and trendy. when i went to attach it to my apple watch only one strap fit. the other strap was significantly too long to hook to the watch. i'm very disappointed.
the toggle piece (metal part) for the strap is too short and the watch in general is very uncomfortable.
awful looking. the leather is plasticy and i have not worn it. i would have returned it but the return shipping wasn’t worth it.
very hard material
the band sucks. it doesn’t hold my watch in place so i have to keep logging in to activate the watch. it’s not worth the money.
nothing seemed right plus it was way too big!
by far the worse band i’ve purchased. looks nice. but isn’t secure at all. had it for less than 2 weeks. and it kept on unsnapping anytime i would hit, bump or press my right hand against something. which is where i wear my watch. i move a lot during work. and i work outdoors so now that fall is here i’ve been bundling up. so it is hard for me to see and notice my right wrist due to all the extra clothing. so sometime during work today the band unspaned and i was unable to track or find it. even calling apple didn’t help. so now i lost my apple watch series 2 that was given to me by my wife as a birthday gift 2 years ago. i’m very annoyed and upset i need to buy a new watch when my last watch was working perfectly fine and i had no intentions of buy a new apple product for sometime.
the material this band is made of is very similar to the official sport band product. however, the part that slots into the watch is slightly thinner to the point that it almost feels like it could be pulled out the wrong way. additionally, my band had a defect on the end that was abrasive and caused blistering on my wrist. can’t use it sadly.
fell apart after four times worn!  pin for strap “popped” out putting on wrist. of course after return window. and it was a great color and i had already worn it but not until after warranty return window.  would not recommend. customer service should replace if nothing else
i bought this because i didn't want to buy apples expensive watch bands but i wish i would just paid for the more expensive one. this one feel off my wrist and ended up breaking my watch when i was walking around during the day. i had to pay to get my watched fix which was not cheap very mad about my experience
i have worn this band multiple times and each time i develop a red rash on my wrist. i thought it was just a one off situation but it has continued to happen. it occurs where the metal part of the band touches the wrist. it itches like crazy.
opened it for the first time, and the band doesn’t stay closed.  it pops open immediately every time you close it. total waste of money. very disappointing, don’t waste your money on this product.
this band was not designed well. it was so difficult to get the band to stay clasped because the holes and the piece that pop through are not the right proportions to each other
band is so, so, however, the metal connector rusted from regular use. cheap chineseum.
very nice looking.  came apart where the strap slides into the watch.  of the 31 bands that i own, this is the first to have this problem.
the design is nice . but it won’t click in place. how am i suppose to wear something when the cut out aren’t the same size to click with the watch? waste of money.
