it looks like a sturdy & waterproof case. mine cracked after a couple of weeks. i returned & reordered the case & am hoping this one will last.
i liked the fact i can rely on my watch going into water, protected. i didn’t like the fact it was extremely difficult to get the screw out of the case to switch bands in case i was just wanting a softer and lighter watch band. also, the dial was very hard to use. it wouldn’t grip the apple watches dial as it needed to.
this is a good watch case but if you are running ocrs it does not stand up for that. maybe if you are just swimming or playing normal sports
had it about 6 mo and the side cracked/split. so now it’s not worth anything.
this is the second one i bought within a year. had this one about 3 months and the back cracked.
after 3 months it broke. it broke away from where you screw the screw in, the whole top popped right off.
junk.
i like the protector but the screw got stock and had to break it to be able to the the apple watch off the case and is not water proof
i do like the watch band, however, thus is the second one i have ordered ..i ordered second one to replace first one as when i put the first band on the watch, the watch band pin popped out..difficult to put back in, popped out again-figured it was a faulty pin.  there is no “contact seller” on the return portion on amazon site for this band, so i started the return and ordered another watch..well this band pin did the same thing when i installed yesterday- so i put pin back in and it hasn’t came out yet-only concern would be if pin comes out-watch will fall off wrist if in activity...sincerely scott
ok only, as the wire piece that holds the band to the watch has broken.  the band fit well and looked good, but the way it is made is not built to last.  i would have expected it to last longer that 3 months.
its exactly as described but the leather is very stiff and the buckle a bit annoyingly large.  still, well made and a good fit to the watch
the quality of the band seems great but the thing where it gets attached to the watch broke off the moment i put it on my wrist... i will be contacting amazon or the seller to get a new product or just a refund....
love the look, but the strap falls off at least once a day. get it all put back together and it’ll just fall apart again. disappointing because it’s a cool band.
bueno
the band is really nice and it looks good but it did break after like a week of use...i included a picture, not sure how i can get this replaced though which kinda sucks....
i loved the way the band looked, but it broke after a month of use.
as soon as i put it on it broke... less then 2 minutes of having it. but i love the look and feel. i'm reordering it and hopefully its well made
really stiff strap
broke after a month of use
i bought this and ended up returning it. i actually really liked the quality, color and rugged look but the band was so thick it was not comfortable at all. this may be okay on a man's hand, but on a woman with dainty wrists, no way!
was told that the size stated would fit extra large wrists. not the case. it just barely fits. had to stretch it a little. because of that, it wears quicker. otherwise the quality is still good. just wish i could find one that actually does fit comfortably.
i thoroughly enjoyed this for the week i had it before the clasp broke off :/
it's a good band, but the band can't be properly secured when using the first or second hole.  so i must use the 3rd hole and it holds my wrist too tightly.
nylon seems strong enough. a little rough on the skin. the pieces that connect the band to the watch seem a bit small, but a very snug fit. they do lock into place and don’t slide out.
broke
this isn’t a bad product. there were no issues or defects with the one i received. i just don’t like it. the strap material is very thin and weighs very little. the overall quality does not strike me as durable when compared to even the original apple watch straps. it feels very cheap.
honestly i just purchased it and received it today. i am not satisfied at all. the material is not like original apple watch bands. feels like plastic. feels very flimsy on and off the wrist. feels like it can easily break and easily get dirty with scratches or white marks. i wish i could return it but apparently returning it would result in me paying a shipping fee. so now i’m stuck with it.
i bought this to protect the watch face. what i don’t like is: 1-it drains the battery life faster... i know this because the band broke and i had buy another band... so while i waited for the new band to arrive i used the original band and my watch would last all day plus some. now that i have the band back on, i’m lucky if the battery lasts 6 hours!!!
the fitment is ok but the material is cheap
it ok just something u can use until you find something else, i recommend you try out the lunatik epic watch, that what i have now
great for outdoors and if you want a rough type of look
material is a little flimsy but it does gives you protection.  wish the band is a little thicker and has more design options. but overall it does the job.
material looks cheep
this was crap. we put the brand new i watch face in it and one of the bands broke! it was made of cheap plastic, didn’t fit well and was a waste of money. don’t waste your money!
product looks good, super cheap feel though. don’t know how i feel wearing it since it feels so fragile..
not a huge fan of this product. the band feels cheap. a week of wearing it left a rash on my wrist.
the band itself is made of really thin plastic and the back where the watch sits in is really lose
it wasn’t what i exspected. but i needed to band to protect my watch so i just keeping it til i find what i need or want!
wasn’t what i expected.
band fits watch well but with any screen protector it peels the edges up amd off.
plastic material is not that good of quality.
the material is very cheap and stiff.
it’s ok but you get what u pay for
the material is not what i was expected.
if you manage to get the band on without breaking it, good for you. my husband liked the look, but he likes casio. so if you like that look, and you have a delicate hand to not break it, buy it. he broke it within 5 seconds.
i like this bands concept a lot. it’s pretty nice but for a limited time. this is my third one since march. it’s comfortable, easy to maintain but does not last very long. i think i will be trying something else to see if spending 5 dollars more makes it a little more worth it.
i liked the watch case at first, then it started popping off the pins that hold it in place on the band (see photos). contacted the customer service email address 2 days ago and no response. i would not recommend this if you plan on working or lifting weights with it on.
i ordered this band for my boyfriend’s 42mm series 3 watch. he works construction so i was looking for something to help protect his watch at work. it’s one piece so easy to install but it’s definitely cheap plastic. for the price it’s a decent cover.
i want so badly to leave a more positive review for this product, because i originally was loving it. however, less than two weeks wearing it, it broke. i attempted to fix it because i thought it was a simple fix but it wasn’t so. it looks nice and it was comfortable to wear....for only two weeks. now i am returning it and getting a refund. so disappointed.
i like this band it does protect the watch very good. my biggest complaint is it gets filthy just from average wear. i bought a red band and it’s got dirty fast. guess i didn’t expect that for a fitness watch
at first this watch band seemed perfect....i loved the way it looked, its really comfortable to wear, but after only two days of wearing it not really doing anything active the side broke and it would no longer hold the watch in place. great idea, bad design.
the keeper for the excess band does not stay in place and i am constantly moving it back.
watchband is ok. it’s nithing to keep watch secure in the band. i would be very scared to use this band because the only thing is keeping the band secure is the part around the watch
the band is solid quality for the price but it is starting to stretch. it is a cause for concern due to the expensive nature of the watch ti is holding
looks and feels like plastic, not rubber.
toooo stifff.
look fake
the quality is not as good as i was hoping for but it'll do.
this thing looked like a house arrest anklet, but around my wrist. too bulky in addition to having a poor finish (plastics should have been trimmed better). it just wasn’t a good fit for me.
good for my rugged days
not that great!
item is as pictured/described. i don’t like the material though, it’s made of a cheap plastic.
purchased at the end of september and the item completely fell apart 4 months later. good while it lasted but didnt last long
it’s okay
cheap
it fits wonderfully with series 2, but its made out of toiler paper.... 😒
get what you pay for. worked okay for about a month and then the band clasp broke. i was able to salvage it for a bit but it finally came loose and the rod holding the clasp was gone.
my boyfriend had one before but it broke so had to buy a new one
band very rigid cheap plastic not soft silicone rubber
this is an average band.  i like the silicon band, but the piece that goes around the watch is a hard plastic which makes it hard to get he watch inside as well as i'm sure it will break after some use.  i'm not overly impressed with this band because i have purchased another brand that was better quality for the same price
seems to work so far. i will let ya know if that changes.
i really liked this thing for a couple weeks until i noticed the bottom of my wrist starting to turn a strange color. it turns out the metal circle on the underside of the band is already quite rusty! it's apparently not made out of stainless steel.
first i love this color, ocean blue! it is the same hue as the original apple sports band. fyi, this is not my first replacement band bought in amazon. in fact, this is my 6th or so band if i remembered it right. band is soft with a powdery feel. since it is a replacement, it is not as thick as the original, which i am fine with. i received it on the 28th as stated, and had been wearing it since. i was to write a review last night, good thing that i did not get the chance to. unfortunately, this is the first time that i have a reaction from a replacement band. i bought several sports band, and a nylon band, none of which cause any reaction. i attached pictures of my right wrist/hand where i strap my watch, in reference to my reaction. area started to itch, which prompted me to remove my watch. as you can see, i took the pictures several minutes after removing the watch, as evidence by the band mark on my hand. it is not only itchy, it is swollen and red in appearance. i don’t have sensitive skin. so, to those looking for a replacement band, be mindful in choosing.
so i ordered this about a month ago and have been wearing it since i ordered it. i didn’t notice anything at first, however a week or so ago i noticed that i randomly started getting a little red patch on my wrist. as the days go on, i noticed it started to become worse. i won’t lie, i have generally sensitive skin so i didn’t think really think anything of it— wasn’t sure what it could be, but i don’t usually have any skin issues on my arm so it was still odd to me. i realized that this is the wrist that i wear my watch on, so i decided to come back and look at the reviews. after seeing that others have experienced reactions to the band and seeing other photos i realized that this is what it is. kinda bummed out because i really liked it, but unfortunately because of this allergic reaction or burn or whatever it is i will not be able to wear it. it may just be my skin, but i wish i had read the reviews sooner to prevent this. not sure how long it will take for this awful looking patch on my wrist to go away.
ordered a white 42mm band for my watch & the band does not fit snuggly into watch band ports. it is very loose & you can see small gaps between the watch & the band & you can even notice the magnetic clasp that goes into the watch to connect to it. very disappointed in the quality & nervous the band might come disconnected from my watch. probably will not be wearing this band much at all. will not be ordering again from this merchant.
the shipment was right on time (thanks prime). the color is exactly what i was looking for, the reason i gave it 2 stars is the part of the strap that locks the band in and where the extra band is placed is very...very flimsy and will most likely break off....fingers crossed it doesn’t
the color of this band is much more like pink bubble gum than pink sand. if the seller is going to use the same color name as apple, should make more effort to match the color. opening up the package was like a kid who grabbed the blue crayon to color the ocean then discovered it was actually the purple one...but not until it was too late. really disappointing. kinda like when you drop your hubba bubba in the sand. ;p
the band looks great and fits fine and i will use it. however, it is not the same silicone that the apple watch provides when purchased with the watch. the silicone is not as substantial and attracts dust and dirt. i never had this problem with my watch band made by apple. note to self: spend a little more money and get an apple watch band from apple!
good band. fits fine. my only complaint is they called it “pink sand” just like apple- which leads you to believe it’s the same color as the original apple watch band- it isn’t. it’s more of a bubble gum pink. fine for the price i guess. i’d be miffed if i had paid more and received this color. i probably won’t wear it much.
i like the look, color (white) feel of it, and am okay with the band. however, it does not look the same as the picture,  runs very small - despite my measuring my wrist for accuracy - and barely fits.  i will probably end up buying another brand soon, but will hang onto this for now
i do like the style of the band and so far i really liked it until recently....i have sensitive skin as it is, but the round bottom metal piece that was against my wrist started to break me out in a little rash. other than that it was a good band for the price, unless you have sensitive skin....lol then i would recommend getting a different one!
very cute and good for the money! but if you have sensitive skin (like me) and false metals irritate you, the little circle of metal that helps clasp the band might irritate your skin. it gave me a rash in the area after a while of wearing it. so i would suggest just buying the apple one if you’re sensitive or maybe switching up the band occasionally with this one.
after having my watch for over a year, i decided it was time for a new look. love this band! i’ve had it for about a month now. looks great with the black watch face, however; i’m not sure if it’s the metal clasp that snaps into the holes or what, but it has irritated my skin. i do not have sensitive skin and i do not wear the band excessively tight, just tight enough that the heart rate monitor registers. i’ve never had this issue with the original apple band. again, love the look, but it is slightly thinner than the apple band. would buy again if they figure out why/what the irritant is.
i bought 2 (one white one pink) pink seemed fine but the white one wouldn’t lock in on the one side of the watch. amazon issued me a refund for the one that doesn’t work but truthfully it made me nervous about using either one.. it’s sooo much cheaper than apple bands and they look the same but i will probably go buy a white apple band just to be sure my watch is safe.. you get what you pay for!
its decent for the price. i don’t know if its reliable but its a little bit not similar to the original apple band and one problem is its so hard to insert it in my watch series 4.
i bought this band thinking it would be very similar to the apple band, that way i could change it up a little..not long after putting it on, i noticed that it already looked somewhat dirty like it is made of a different material than the apple band. this band seems to attract dirt and my dogs hair to it and it’s a little difficult to get clean, especially considering not long after cleaning it, it’s dirty again. this band does look good and fits well, just wish it was better quality material wise!
nice color & fit my i watch series 3 i did however notice that after a few times of washing my hands & going to the gym it started to smell funny. it’s also thinner than the band the comes with the iwatch.
this is a decent band for a replacement. it is rather flimsy and him when compared to the apple brand that comes with the apple watch originally. you get what you pay for. it’s also not quite the same breathable material as the original band, this one kind of holds moisture in your arm.
this band fits perfect and looks great, but the metal parts have rusted and bleed out onto the band.  if you don’t wear your apple watch in the water or sweat, it might work.
this band wasn't the color i thought it was going to be. i expected it to be a baby soft pink however it was much brighter than the picture. also the band was really big for my wrist i ordered the large band because of my current apple watch band was a large. i would suggest going down a size. it also doesn't seem to hole well with the watch. i will only be wearing this band occasionally.
not the exact maroon color but still a sturdy wrist strap for the price. sizing is more appropriate for my small wrists.
the band felt good but it would come unlocked from the watch if moved to much. can't use/wear it if my watch is going to fall off my wrist.
color is great, band itself is thick and pliable, but where the picture shows two pegs the actual watch only has one.
band is larger than the actual face of the watch.  not too noticeable, but still a little annoying.  i guess you get what you pay for.  i may try for a few weeks and possibly return.
i like this band so i bought it against. however... the first one i bought broke within 2 months of wearing it.
i’m not sure what it is about this band but i ordered it in black and it just collects dust/dirt/whatever and makes it look bad. i’m really not happy with it.
like the color but the size wasn’t specified so it was too small...would recommend checking for length before purchasing
looks great but caused an allergic reaction. the metal closer touches the skin on inner part of wrist. after wearing for two days started experiencing inching and red bumps on that area. had to return.
product feels great and the band is really comfortable for daily use and workouts. i use my watch for swim workouts and the metal piece that serves as a hook is starting to rust. i’m not sure if it’s because the product is so cheap but i would spend a little more for better quality.
the matte finish rubbed off after a couple weeks, and the metal on the band gave me a rash (i’ve never had any reactions to metals before). however the customer service is amazing and they gave me a full refund right away
band is true to size and color (i got black)! however, the material isn’t my favorite. feels thicker than original and it’s gets lint stuck to it — it’s the type of material where if it gets scarctched it’ll show a light mark, overall, it gets the job done
what can i say? you get what you pay for. the quality of the material makes it feel like it’s going to break off. i prefer the way the apple brand band  feels better. on a . note, it came on the date that was promised
good looking and functional, but the metal piece on the bottom side of the band rusted right away after sweating with the band on. not the best product.
hard to buckle
i didnt like the quality of the item.
a little cheap looking, but you get what you pay for
edit—— company has contacted me and refunded my purchase. customer service was great, 3 stars for that.
the clasp on the wristband is not stainless steel. it tarnishes and leave a brown rust stain on my wrist.  the band picks up grime and dirt very easily as wel.
even though it was the right size, the product was much smaller than the real apple watch bands. didn’t end up fitting.
band is perfectly fine but the color is a fairly pepto colored pink, not like the nude “pink sand” from apple itself.
seemed used! returned it trying another hopefully the next won’t look dirty/damaged
not very breathable, gets uncomfortable.
pink color is kid like.
i ordered the sport band thinking it would act like the apple watch band. it is nothing like it and broke immediately after wearing it. it does not fit in the watch and it ripped where it is supposed to fit in the watch. it is very flimsy and cheap material.
the color is not as pink as the one pictured in the wine red picture. it is a very dark red, almost a burgandy color. i’ll be returning just because i am looking for more of a pinker red than and darker red.
i like the color was excited to use it.  just didn’t fit the apple watch 2 38 mm very well.  edges stuck out on both.  so i gave it to my son who has the larger one and it ain’t fine.  says fits both but really doesn’t.
the allotted is okay, but we have a really hard time locking it into the actual apple watch.
the silicone irritated my skin pretty bad
gave me a rash and i got the small medium but i have to wear it on the tightest hole possible, probably some cheap plastic harmful cheap rap from china. they did refund me after this review which was nice.
it does the job, but i dont like the material
the watch band notches do not secure properly. as a result, the band isn’t secure with the face of the watch and makes the black notches visible.
i ordered the 38mm band and it’s way too big for my wrist.  not what i anticipated :(
band is nice and soft and not too wide which i like. however, the magnet area is not too strong so i’m constantly pushing it back into the face of watch. it bothers me a lot seeing it slightly uneven. besides that great deal.
pretty band but after a month the ball at the end broke and it came apart. so in this case, a little expensive to not still be able to use it.
i guess i was expecting something comparable to the apple brand of the strap. but what i received was a product commensurate with the price i paid.  the apple version is thicker and seems heavier. also it must have been treated with something because it just doesn’t hold dirt the way the cheap version does. i have the gray color of the apple band and it still looks knew. i have the navy color of the cheap brand and i can see my dirt/ sweat stains on it. the cheap version is also a lot longer than the apple version. on the apple strap i use the second to the last hole. for the cheap brand i use the second to the first hole!  i give this product three stars only because of the price.
i like the color. but easily comes apart
it’s pretty. color is more vibrant than i though but it’s nice. it doesn’t stay too well so that’s disappointing. might order another and see if it’s just this one band or not
while the quality of the band itself is nice, the round metal part under the class that touches your skin leaves a red rash on my wrist.
the band doesn't fit as snug into the watch as the apple bands do. you can see the space where the watch and the band connect and makes it look very cheap.
just got it! the bottom strap doesn’t snap in and i’m afraid it’ll come out and break my watch! i’ve tried sliding it in different ways and nothing’s working!
i like the price and how quickly i received the item. the material is not like the original but it works for now.
would have wished it came in a longer band - very tight - should have option for long or short strap
the colour didn’t match with my expation. the blu is too light and it gives a bad feeling in term of quality.
it looks very nice. but the piece that snaps and holds the watch in place was jammed. so it could slide off and on easily.
the band is very cute and fits well, but i cracked within a week. the crack is near where it attaches to the watch, so it is no longer wearable.
i like the color and material. i just like how the tail from the band hangs and there is no place to tuck it. it makes the watch appear unfinished
color is not tru to what’s represented. it did not fit my apple watch 42, well. the band slides out a bit.
cheap material feeling but it works.
i expected it look like a dark pink, not burgundy.
band was slightly discolored in some spots. otherwise comfortable material and arrived quickly!
the size was not correct,but overall the band is nice
smaller then the apple small band
the band has already split after less than 5 wears
mi e was more turquoise then light blue
i liked this product before it broke in 14 days
it looks great
loved the color and feel of band but the bottom part of the strap didn't fit correctly.  it kept sliding around.
the quality of this band is good, though it is noticeably thinner than the official apple wrist band.  considering this is a fraction of the cost of the apple band, i don't consider that a negative.
i love the look, feel (comfortable) and color of these watchbands; however, there is no safety ring on the band and my watch has fallen off twice!! luckily, i was at home and put it back on. i could not find safety bands anywhere for apple watches, so i took a pony band and wrapped it round several times and it holds great. i hope someone develops a safety band for security!!
3 reasons for dissatisfaction;
although the band is good — similar to the traditional apple watch band...
good for the price.
this band i used mainly at work. it’s easy to ‘clean’ and the only problem i encountered was to slid this in my watch. i didn’t have this problem with the band that comes with the watch.
i didn’t love the texture of the band. my true apple brand one is more of a “matte” finish and this one is more shiny and sticky. i wore it for quite some time and will probably switch back to it sometimes though. i really love the color.
a little piece broke off the second time i tried to use it, so it doesn’t lock into place properly. bummer but for the cost, it’s cheaper to not use it than to go out of my way to return it. if that hadn’t happened, the band quality was fine, so 3 stars it is. compromise! lol
the product is a good cheap alternative to apples own watch bands. however, beware that the black version does attract a lot of dust and shows it off. i’m not sure if the original apple black ones would do this.
there are best brands out there. material is not a long last type, very fragile to scratches. try a different one
it rips my arm hair out. i’m not a sasquatch or anything like that but dang
it worked great originally but after just two weeks and changing the band a few times one of the bands does not stay in. might work great if you don’t switch the bands out, but mine lasted just over two weeks.
i ordered the small thinking it would be like the sport band apple sells but i was wrong. and my wrists are very small! get a large
purchased  this one for a friend and they like it a lot
after the first wear, the band had shiny spots where it rubbed against my desk, computer, etc. it also attracts lint. not impressed.
i loved it at first but i’ve had this bad for a few months now and the matte finish starts to fade. it’s starts to get shiny and a bit more loose. but for the price it’s definitely better than others i have tried. i also wear my watch every day so it’s to be expected i guess.
this band is less dense than the original sport band. the clasp is also different, as are the three points that slide into the watch. you can compare the bands in the photos i provided (rose gold original band on left, igk band on right).
the color is beautiful and it’s soft.
i like the band, looks great, feels awesome, easy to install.  but the material is a magnet for dust.  i find myself wiping it or washing it off a few times a day ...ugh.
loved the band until i started wearing it regularly and developed a significant skin irritation. came back and read the reviews and realize i’m not alone. this is the only band that i  have this reaction with. bummed.
i was very excited to receive a product that was so highly rated by others.  the installation went very well on the watch but i noticed that when i worked out at the gym or sweated alot, working outside, the functionality on the watch face no longer was working.  i tried the home button and that worked fine but needing anything functional on the watch face was a useless attempt.  i found that after taking the protective cover off the functionality on the face of the watch returned.  after placing the protective cover back on it was working again through the face area.
decent amount of positive reviews, but upon opening the package, i found that it wouldn't lock on one side so the band wouldn't stay on.  i've bought at least 8 apple watch bands from various sellers on amazon and this is the first time that's happened.  not sure if it is defective or just poor quality, but either way, it isn't functional.
things that were great:
the material the band is made from is nice, but not stretchy as you might expect. the lugs fit in the watch exactly as they’re supposed to. unfortunately, even the bands meant for the 40mm/44mm watch seem to be for people with tiny hands. i’m not a person with large hands, but after i put the band on my watch i couldn’t get my hand through the opening without pulling the velcro hook part all the way through the looped end lug. i’m not sure if that’s how the 1st party band works, but when i pulled the velcro hooks through, it was very difficult with a lot of resistance and it definitely felt like that’s not how it was intended to work. i ordered these so i had a band that i could take swimming without worrying about having it fall off if the closure came undone. there is no way this band will fall of, so overall i am happy with the set.
a really nice band that i quite like especially at the price point. i like the style, the fabric, the velcro closure is super and flexible and holds really well
i like that it’s completely black and will go with whatever i wear but i don’t like that it’s not a perfect fit and that part in the picture is very wobbly. i know it’s not an original but the top one fits fine. it doesn’t come out, it’s just more of an aesthetic thing.
it is comfortable but there is a huge gap between the band and the lug on the 42mm band. it's like they just put the 42mm mounting hardware on a 38mm band and called it a day. would be a very nice band if not for this obvious cost cutting measure.
i love the look and the functionality of the band, but the quality control and tolerances just aren’t what i was hoping for. while wearing it daily i noticed that there is a looseness where the band and the body of the watch meet. this wouldn’t be a big deal except when moving my wrist and putting tension on the band i can hear and feel a slight click which can make me think i have a new notification...not the biggest issue, but distracting enough.
i use this band and like it. the only issue is that the velcro tabs are too thick to easily fit through the loop under the watch. this makes the watch harder to put on than it is with other bands. no big deal - i didn't return it. but if i were buying today i would select a different band.
the watch lugs and end peice are bright pink plastic and the trim is also very bright.the quality seemed fine but the pink sand color was not as expected.  fortunately i was able to return this band and purchased the vati sports loop in pale pink sand which has metal lugs and looked much better with the rose gold.
i knew this was a generic substitute for apple's band when i bought it, but i didn't realize it would be this cheap.  very itching and flimsy, nothing even remotely close to the apple band.  other non-apple bands that i've purchased in the past have been of better quality.
the band itself is great. soft and strong - feels just like the apple one. one thing to keep in mind is that it is quite long, so anyone with a larger watch and a smaller wrist will have a lot of band overlap. the apple one comes in two wrist sizes, so that might be an option to consider if you have a smaller wrist.
the quality of the band seems to be good.  i got the blue one and love the color.  but it is a little too big for my small wrist.  i compared it to my apple sports loop band and it is longer.
it looks very nice and fit my watch very nicely but my wrist began to itch within 30 minutes of putting it on- i tried it again and the same thing- not sure if i just had a sensitivity to the material or what...
so after attaching the band to my watch i noticed that where it connects with the watch, it doesn’t really fit the best. if it’s just a cosmetic thing, then it’s fine. but it does make me nervous that it could disconnect from my watch. was expecting a dark grey/pink band.. instead it’s actually navy and pink and almost looks like a light grey when wearing it. still cute, just not ehat i expected.
it closes with velcro,  very paranoid it's gonna get caught on something and i lose my watch,  only used it once.  keeping it in case i need something in a pinch,but definitely not something to wear daily.
honestly, i initially loved the product. i train a lot (outside in houston so i needed something breathable and comfortable). this item was perfect for that. however, having only had it a month, it became overly stretched out to the  point that the velcro part that wrapped around had began getting closer to the face of the watch and eventually needing to go over it. if it wasn’t for being stretched it beyond use... it would be 5 stars.
great color, the band feels sturdy and it snaps nicely into the watch grooves, the fabric feels nice. 3 stars because it’s so big. i wear my apple watch on the second to smallest hole in the band it comes with and to make this band snug the end hangs over the face. i think the description should specify it’s for large wrists.
ok for the money, but starting to smell after getting sweaty.  not sure how well it will fare in the wash.  it should be longer: as worn, the end piece stops right at the bottom of the inside of the wrist.  that puts it in the way and gets snagged on just about everything.  2" longer would be better.
hard to strap it on with out resting my watch face against a flat surface which s scratching up my watch face, but it’s good quality strap
i bought two bands, but the second way keep shifting which make me afraid of breaking my watch.
looks good but made my skin itch. back to my sport band that came with the watch. it doesn’t breathe but it’s more comfortable than this thing.
unfortunately all aftermarket product as any copy is ok and may look pretty much the same but the quality of original from apple store band and this way different, this one loose, doesn’t fit right, flabby. i don’t maybe not all of them are the same due to their lack of production quality control. and i believe there are many of nice bands, so you might want to buy couple of them and try, and after return the low quality ones..
i used this band for awhile but it started to look dingy. i could not figure out a good way to clean it so i had to buy a replacement.
the color is great, looks just like the picture. however, i found it to be too scratchy to wear - not as soft as those found in the apple store.
nice color, smooth velcro closure.  one complaint is that the fixed piece fits the watch body perfectly with no play in that connection, but the loop side does not. there is play in that side’s connection.
the band is great i got red and black it looks more like a pinkish salmon red
it’s okay, when you get it wet, it takes forever to dry. it also easily frays. would not purchase again.
nice color. comfortable band but it’s too long if you are s/m size.
i like how easily this band staps on.  the dark olive is just a gray and is a little lighter than i thought it would be.
the bands are okay, at best. the plastic part is extremely hard to get into the watch and i felt like it was going to break. one side fits nicely while the other does not. it looks like it’s going to fall out. i returned them.
the product is exactly as described it wasn’t the band that i was looking for i was so eagered to get a new band that i didn’t notice it is like a velcro band but the product isn’t bad i just was looking for the chain band
the bad has a fuzzy feel to it, not durable.  returned.
this ok quality for the price.
it’s comfortable and works ok but it just looks pretty cheap...
i spent a lot of time shopping the reviews for a watch band that would look nice for work, but also hold up to daily exercising and outdoor work. even the more expensive bands i saw had reviews suggesting they were not well made. when i found this yunsea with 4.5 stars and lots of reviews, i had high hopes. i was disappointed.
quality product... but the band is more pink than what was advertised. i ordered the pink sand
felt very cheap but got a quick refund
did not like the way this band looked at all.  i returned it because it did not attach well to my apple watch.
very hard to get your hand into the band with the velcro
this color has brown speckles in the black. kind of weird if you ask me.
i ordered black, not orange and black.
the color descriptions are very unclear - the names don’t accurately represent the band color and picture. i have bought two bands and did not received what i expected. read thoroughly about the colors as there will be some subtle surprises.
nice comfortable and quality strap. problem is that it doesn't quite fit the watch properly.
looked great at first. over time, though,the color got shabby and the places where the velcro touches are full of pulled fabric. fits well and connects easily. makes sense for the price point.
nice band, it’s comfortable and the velcro sticks. band is a little on small size and my major complaint is that it still wiggles once you clip it onto the watch. hasn’t fallen off it’s just loose and doesn’t sit quite perfectly
much thicker than they look.
while the bands are a good material, only 2 of the 6 fit properly in the watch, the others are loose and don’t look right and are comfortable.  i like the ones that fit, but am disappointed that most did not
it does the job. it's not durable and feels a bit loose on my wrist but it's fun.
the ones that work are great, super comfortable and dry pretty quickly. 2/6 in my multi pack did not stick into the side of the watch when inserted, unfortunately the two colors i bought the pack for!
it is what it is.. i wanted to try this out before buying an apple one. it is what you pay for.
i like the material but the color is not good.  looks like pepto bismol. way too pink for me, color doesn’t look like the image.
relatively like the apple branded band. warning though, gets dirty fast. had mine for less than two weeks and it is a dust magnet.
i guess you get what you pay for. it feels cheap. should have just went to the apple store and bought there’s. but like i said, you get what you pay for.
love the band but one side is loose. other than that the band is great.
fits fine on one side. it’s loose on the other
for the most part the items were great however one of the six wasn’t as high of quality as the rest. i guess you get what you pay for.
cheap quality. ends of band have too much play when secured into watch. used for a couple hours and plastic ends of bands already scratched.
it is not too bad, i use it but there is some small gaps in connection to wathch body.
based on quality, i think the band is durable and the velcro really holds well. but based on appearance, i didn't like how it look liked on my wrist and my rose gold apple watch. i was thinking of maybe its the color but they don't offer free returns (around $7 for a return label), so i didn't exchange it. its not the product's fault. it just wasn't for me.
lightweight comfortable but not the look i was going for
liked the color but didn’t realize that it was velcro instead of a clasp
love the product but it already has a pull (string is unattached). only had it for about 2 weeks.
beware: 42mm nylon watch bands not the same length between colors
product is great. color is totally different from picture. color is too bright orange.
feels great but band does not latch securely onto the watch.
was not what i was expecting. it fits comfortable but do not like the velcro.
product is flimsy.
works great but the color was off
poor fitment, not what i hoped for. bought this for my wife’s watch. the ends fit very loosely in her 38mm rose gold. kept popping off and the watch falling off her wrist. ended up starting a return. was hopeful with so many good reviews but was poorly made and didn’t fit as it should.
i was not pleased with the quality of this band and am returning.  the two plastic pieces where the band slides into the watch face are slightly longer than the watch face and do not fit snugly like my original apple watch band.  also, the band really just looks like a piece of velcro - it does not look as nice as even the rubber active bands that come with the watch.  i would not recommend this item for anyone who wants the band to fit the watch face well or who wants the watch band to look nice.
3 stars because the issue is the tabs. the lights are great and work perfectly but installing was a nightmare the 3 tabs are weak i mean very weak. first the drivers side tabs broke off then when installing the passenger side i was ber careful after realizing how fragile they are and they still broke off. not 1 not 2 all 3 tabs broke off. i had to make my own bracket to get them mounted. make the plastic harder, thicker or out of metal like the oem bulbs.
if you want to know why apple bands cost what they do just buy a few knock-offs. it’s what you’d expect from the shenzhen market, cheap low quality alternatives that barely work.  cheap velcro - will fail within 3 months (barely works new). cheap connectors that barely hold (loose with lots of play) i went and compared to the apple band this one is trying to imitate. compared them side by side and it’s what you’d expect.  didn’t think the disparity would be so large. i’ve bought 2 non apple watch bands from  different vendors. both are junk. i’ll just spend the money on quality and be done with it. is it me or has amazon turned into low quality everything an electronic version of walmart without sam.
i looked at quite a few different "sport loop" style bands from various sellers and decided to try these bands from "yunsea". i bought three different colors to see how they looked in person and to see how well they secured to the watch. turns out that all three of the would not securely attached to the top watch connection. the bottom was better (although not as good as my genuine apple bands) but the top was downright wobbly. might second big issue with the bands relates to this, and it's just how cheap the connection pieces are. they're this awful lightweight plastic material that just does not provide a secure connection, and feels like they were machined from a 2 cent piece of black plastic. this shoddy plastic material also goes for the end of the watch band which has a plastic covering. needless to say i'm returning all three and will look for a different supplier as these were super cheap feeling, even considering the low $6.99 price i payed for them.
the look is awesome and i bought other colors. the problem is the green won’t lock in the watch. it keeps wanting to slide out. the other colors will lock but you have to slide it in real slow and move it back and forth a few times. except for the green one my thinks it’s worth the effort for different colors.
very comfortable but the connectors are very loose. i’m afraid the watch will fall off. i have a feeling it is defective and am looking for a replacement.
the band is made very well but i’ve had it for a couple of months now & it’s already dirty. i work in an office so this is just normal wear & tear. but the color fading was the biggest downfall
not very satisfied with the product. looks cheap
i like the price and quality of this item
the band is very comfortable and seems to stay attached well.  it looks nice.  my only bad comment about it is that it does not slide easily through the ends to fasten.  you have to tug on it to get it in place and to get it off.  that is why i only gave it 3 stars.
serves the purpose of just daily wear, but the poor manufacturing tolerances resulted in a significant gap. the lug does stay locked in place, but it does move around a bit. treating it more like a disposable band.
top locking mechanism for the band gets loose over time.
“top” connector is loose...not entirely confident it’ll hold my expensive investment of a watch....
i like it. giving it 3 stars just because the "midnight blue" i received looks more like a light grey, not as dark as the image displayed in the description. bummer. but the wristband itself is pretty sturdy and comfortable.
the ends that connect to the watch are a bit loose. not a perfect fit for the iwatch. velcro is durable and has not “accidentally” opened.
this band is very comfortable.  only 2 issues.  the band should be a bit longer.  hard to get my hand out.  i wear large gloves.  but it’s doable.  the velcro seems very mild. not sure how it’s going to hold up. but we will see.
first off this is a neat, and cheap little strap, but it does not sit well into the apple watch itself, one side is difficult to slide it with one side being too long for the watch so it sticks out a bit, the other side fits but is a little loose. i’d rather just return the product unless i can get a new one sent that actually fits i would give 5 stars.
not black, it’s orange and blue
i wear my watch on my right wrist and the band does not stay secure when worn this was versus if it were on the left. bummer!
it looks okay
very loose connection to watch. looks sloppy. cannot use this.
arrived on time, but very difficult to attach
i ordered this is a replacement band for the apple watch 4 and it fits exactly as the apple band does, but i was disappointed with the color. the amazon page did not include photographs of all of the different colors, so i had to assume that "dark olive" would be somewhat equivalent to to the olive drab color of army fatigues. the band that was received is much closer to light gray (which may be "feldgrau," the color of german army uniforms). not unattractive, but not what i thought i ordered. if the producer is reading these reviews, i would recommend that you provide actual photographs of each color you offer.
the band has good elasticity without being too stretchy. it was the correct length. the color is good (pink).
perfect !!! no need to waste money at apple .. same thing at a third the price except now i used it 2 times and the loops are spreading apart
i purchased the 38mm strap for my nike 38mm series 2 watch. unfortunately the clasps fit very poorly, protruding approximately ~1-2mm on both sides.
the thread is coming undone not many uses of it
the band feels really comfortable. however after using it only 2 times. i noticed the paint coming off one of the inserts. i take really good care of my things.  i was expecting this for the price. but not after wearing only two days.
the lugs are loose. other third party apple watch band manufacturers are able to make lugs nearly identical to apple’s which have a secure fit.
i really liked the band, but it broke after 2 months of use!
i ordered the pink sand- the color on the site is very inaccurate.  it’s almost a neon pink and blue under color with the velcro on top, which masks the colors. it’s very cute, just not what i was looking for.  i was hoping this would be a different shade.  didn’t even put it on to know the quality
band does not fit in the apple watch connector correctly. one side does sit flush, however the other does not. wonder if i got a defective one...
cheap. design is slightly off. does not lock into place like the actual apple product
a best buy employee suggested to buy this because they were out of the apple brand kind at the store and they were pretty much the same, so i took his suggestion and i can say they definitely are not pretty much the same.  can tell it's super cheap compared to the $49 apple brand and just not a fan of it unfortunately.  it's okay, if you haven't used the apple brand yet then you may like it.  the color is really pretty.
good band, besides the orange one i ordered looks pink
the band is comfortable and looks nice.  the materials seem good, but the ends that slip inside the side of the watch are loose and slide side to side a bit.  i have 6 other apple and non-apple bands and they all fit perfectly.  seems like the manufacturing is a bit sloppy.
está bueno
i guess i should've known it was going to be cheap but i decided to try it based on the reviews.  it doesn't fit right in the watch, it's not very comfortable, and it looks cheap.  going to buy a better band and throw this away.
i ordered this ban in loop-pearl pink.  the photo shows a pale pink.  the bank i received was a much more pink that the color shown in the photo.  it is comfortable however.
one of the clips doesn’t lock and keeps sliding out.
the color is a little off and not matching all the way around the band. the band also does not fit perfectly and there is a gap been the watch face. spend a little more and get a different brand.
after wearing this for a month i can say this watch band was so disappointing. not only did the velcro not stay/latch, when i went to change the watch band it got stuck and i had to pull it out instead of sliding it like normally. the velcro was worn down and caught on to everything except the band.  i can say the colors are true to the picture and it looked cute with my rose gold apple watch, but other than that it was not as reliable as i wished.
the material is cheap
loved the strap but it was a little snug
the plastic is not as clear as i would like it to be.  it is easy to put on and serves the purpose.
not a horrible band, feels a bit cheap and the color seems to be a bit more peptol bismol-y than pink sand. unfortunately i will be returning this because it is too big for my tiny wrists. they clearly took apples photos and used them for their product. :(
one side did not lock in place. the fabric quality was good but i did send back.
it is a ok quality, not great and nothing comparable as the original apple band.
im returning this band because it slids in and out on one sude no matter what i do!
this watch band wasn’t really what i was expecting and wasn’t as comfortable as i was hoping for. a bit bulky where it folds through the loop too. the company accidentally sent me two, and rather than having me return they just apologized i wasn’t satisfied and let me keep both. i didn’t love the product but their customer service was great, and the item’s quality seems like it will be a good watch band.
.
to simple definitely not worth the price
i am not unhappy with the product just upset with the fact that all the little velcro strips fell off. the texture of the edges are a little itchier then i would have liked. but happy with overall piece for the price. i had the right glue on hand so that made it a quick fix. wish i knew how to fix the itchy edges.
the band fit around my wrist find and is quite comfortable. however it did not fit perfectly into the watch itself.
the band looks very much like the apple product but is just a little too narrow this leaves the watch flopping around
i love the band fit and style but it will not stay attached to my watch. one of the connector pieces is missing. can i return without the original packaging?
it serves its purpose but really has a cheap look and feel.  had it been more expensive, i would have rated it lower.
watch band wouldn't  lock-in, no matter which way i turned it, always slides out the other side with silver pointing down like original watchband still would not lock in?
it didn’t last as long as i’d hoped. the velcro gets worn down pretty quickly.
definitely fits and works well. is a bit scratchy.
this is a nice enough item in terms of quality. however, although the product description says the "vintage gold" color is a match to the series 4 apple watch gold color, that is not accurate. i have the gold aluminum case watch and this strap is noticeably more pink than the watch. annoying because i specifically chose this item because it said the color matches.
it easily comes undone and starts to move around my wrist so i’m always having to tighten it.
starts to turn after a few months of use. but for the price a good buy.
the band is definitely cheaper quality than the iwatch band, but it's priced as such too. i ordered a 38 mm m/l based on reviews/specifications and wish i would have ordered a s/m. the m/l is too long, defeating the "breathing" aspect of the holes since it's basically doubled up on most of my wrist. i bought a white and pink band. the picture looks better than the actual.
for the price, the band is fine and fits the watch. but, i am only giving it two stars because the color does not match the color in the product photo. let’s face it, we’re buying these “knock off” bands because we don’t want to pay the apple price but want the apple look. in this case, i didn’t get that.
not actually “space grey” like the apple watch. bought as a replacement after my first one (which was space grey) was caught on sharp metal at work and broke some of the mesh band. this one is has a glossy finish also, not matte. kept it becuse it still functions, and i couldn’t wear my old one without snagging clothes, furniture, or scratching myself.
looks good, works well but two
it’s a bit small for my wrist and it seems flimsy when compared to other bands.
i really like the look. the only thing is the metal clasp that hold its together gets caught on everything and the rose coloring has worn off and is silver now on that part of the clasp.
heavy and pinches hair on hand 🤚 ouch!!
the rose color fades pretty fast & it will snag certain knit fabrics
the bracelet gets caught on everything! not a huge fan of this, the little chains get caught on all of my clothing items.
looks great, but it’s too light weight that the magnet moves and the band loosens up.
this product tarnished quickly, will not order another one
i really love the fit of the watch! looks good and fits great but it’s all scratched up. i really don’t want to return it but i feel like i have to.
it’s prettu and easy to use but some of the rose gold covering is already rubbing off on the bottom
i really liked the watch band, however, the edges snagged my clothes and also once in a while it pinched my skin.  returned it.  good quality, nice magnet.
i ordered this because i have very small wrists and expected it to fit better than a typical watch band with the notches. however, it was way too bi when wrapped all the way around. my disappointment is that it costs almost as much to return it as it did to buy the band. so i’m stuck with a band i can never wear :/
cute band. fits well & comfortable but after a month of wearing started to tarnish & lose its pink color. disappointing!
the color started to chip off after the first week :( other than that the band itself was comfortable - i just didn't get to wear it long so that's disappointing.
the one side of the band doesn't have a strong enough magnetic to 'click' into the iwatch. i don't have this issue with other none-apple brands. please help.
slips and loosens up , i still wear it but dont think it's going to last long, very pretty rose gold matches my watch just a little disapointed .
you should really put the length of this band in the description. i can not use it because it is way too big for me.
seems to be good quality with a strong magnet but the color of the rose gold doesn't match the color of my watch well, probably will not use it for this reason.
color wearing off already
i was excited to get this band because it’s really nice looking compared to the ugly band that came with the watch. i have snagged some of my favorite clothes with this band...definitely would not recommend it.
rose gold color started rubbing off the band after two weeks.
i've had this band for less than a month and the silver finish has already worn off and turned the band dull.
i hate that i became a semi magnet. i have gotten stuck to my car and my dishes have gotten stuck on me. otherwise i love the band and the color.
it kept catching on my skin and wasn't comfortable.
if you have the rose gold apple watch it’s not a perfect color match. the band is a bit more pink than the watch face itself. after a few weeks of wear, the finish is starting to rub off. it’s not too bad in the way of comfort. for the price, if i really wanted to, i could just order a new one every few months because of the finish not looking new, and i wouldn’t mind doing that if the color was a perfect match.
the magnetic closure is great, however the mesh does catch on alot of my clothes.
i loved this band. was very excited when i received it. little awkward to put on, but stays in place. it is now less than 30 days and the band is already falling apart at the end where it connects to the watch. i am sorry that this only lasted less than a month.
mine came with some cuff marks.
this band was beautiful for a couple of days. i use my iwatch to record my activity, and i am very active.  after 2 weeks, i don’t even want to wear it in public anymore. the color has worn off, and the silver underneath the rose gold is showing through.  i will say this; it functions well, and it is comfortable to wear.
the magnet at the end of the strap is too powerful on both the sides making the strap stick to any metallic object it comes in contact with;  my spouse has a the apple’s original melanes loop strap, the magnet on it attracts only on the side that faces the strap, so it sticks to the strap and the other side is somehow shielded.
it looks great and has a strong magnet when you first get it.  then 3 month later, the magnet is weak and the black paint starts to scratch off. on the bright side, i could buy this repeatedly, and still it would be cheaper than apple’s version.  i guess what i’m saying is it needs to be a subscribe and save item.
i bought a rose gold and a silver, silver one is broken and doesn’t even lock in my watch, will return it!
looks nice however it got scratched up a bit compared to my silver one from another buyer.
it’s a nice band, but it does not stay on my wrist very well and which makes my watch move around a lot.
this is very heavy, so it doesn’t not stay in place all day.
nice quality. wears extremely well. magnet is very strong. my complaint is the color. the rose gold is too pink and is not a match.
update:  while it looks great it does not have the connector that is shown and that annoys me. pictured is a different product. see third picture.  now i get why they are a bit different than the ones i had for my fitbit because they all had clasp connectors and this doesn’t, which makes me think they could easily pull apart and explains why it easily fell out of the one side of the connecters.
pros: mine is a perfect match for the rose gold watch case. it looks very nice and is comfortable when it is on securely.
after only 2 month start changing colorl
i like the band but it take a while to put it on. very stylish :)
i like it. even the paint on the magnet that makes the fits didn't last the first day, the rest is very lovely​.
it’s ok, worth the price. the magnet is super annoying keeps getting stuck to everything.
the pink veneer began to wear rather quickly from normal use.
i didn’t really like how the magnetic part would get scratched easily.
it is great other than not holding tight where i place the magnet. it is constantly loosening through the day. great color match and look though.
only one side of the band would would slide onto the face of the watch. unable to use
seemed cheap and was too big.  i returned.
less than 1 month old and it's all tarnished and dirty on the inside. the clasp is all scratched and the black rubber piece holding the magnet in on the band falls out and won't stay in, then the magnet falls out and the band loosens. disappointed.
within a week or two of normal wear, much of the color has rubbed off of the magnetic snap. i’d love it otherwise, but it’s not looking good after such a short time of owning.
the magnet will stick to other metals. kind of frustrating but i liked it initially.
product is good except for it snags clothing. i was hoping to exchange/return but by the time i noticed the snagging with long sleeve clothing my return window had closed. do not buy if you plan to wear it with long sleeves. the sides/edges of the strap are what snags the clothing.
the watchband is elegant looking and love the magnetic closure but the edge catches on a lot of fabrics and has snag a few items.  disappointed.  will probably look at a different type.  wouldn't recommend it
the band itself is nice (not as pink as i thought) the main problem is the fact that the little things that hold together the watch and band were placed backwards. so now when i wear it, it’s super loose and comes off easily. i tried to fix it myself but it didn’t work cause the other end is placed on backwards. other than that issue it’s a great band! /: just wish i can wear it without it flying down to my elbow.
i loved this when it arrived but i work in an office and wear a lot of necklaces that get stuck to the magnet that have worn the finish off. if you don’t wear long necklaces that will do the same i recommend it otherwise you can see what happens.
the color isnt the same as shown in the picture its lighter more of like a pale copper
disappointed because i thought it would fit my apple 3 38mm. but it was too big.  the quality looked good. returned it
snags on all my clothes
magnet works well and doesn't fall off but it snags on a ton of my clothes. could be better designed.
very cute but discoloration starts to appear after continued use. the first time i wore it i noticed scratches from the magnet (fairly strong) that kept sticking to anything that was metal. it’s not super noticeable, but i was bummed that it didn’t take long at all to get cosmetic damage. you will also start to notice discoloration around where you close the band around your wrist (same reason i guess).
i love the way this slides on, i love the way it's adjustable and easy to take off. i love the color. what i don't love is the fact that it has literally snagged every shirt/outfit i own since i got it! every day it snags my clothes. for that reason, i am replacing it with something else and don't recommend it. :(
i really loved this band. i have had it about 2 months. it was purchased in october.  i wear it every day, normal wear and tear. now the magnet is not holding as well as it should. it slips and the band becomes loose. i’m not sure if i maybe i received a  defective band. i trashed it for fear of my apple watch falling off my arm and getting broken or lost. i would purchase another if i was sure the magnet was stronger.
i really like this band however it “pulls” the thread on my sweaters.
it’s nice and looks sleek, but it snags my clothes and hair which is annoying. also, some spots i can see the color is fading. overall, can’t complain, it’s cheap.
it is pretty but broken when i was installing
very cute band. however, if you're wearing any kind of long sleeve, it will rip out threads and fuzz from it.
it’s cute for the first couple of weeks then the band begins to change color. the pink begins turning silver which is really unappealing.
this seems like a very nice band. it attaches nicely and looks great. the magnet is very strong which can be annoying because it often catches my necklace or snaps on my coat. but the longer i wore it the more it started to snag my clothes. i ruined a brand new pair of pants the last day i wore this watch band so i threw it away and will order a different style.
it fits, and i like that it attaches to itself magnetically so you don’t have to fiddle with latching it. downside is the color will rub off pretty quickly where it magnetically attaches.
the band is of good quality, light weight and easy to put on, however they mislabeled the box and i received the black band as opposed to the rose gold i ordered. had to return sadly.
looks nice. wish i could actually wear it. you’d better have small wrists if you order this. wasted $11.00.
it looks nice but in two months the magnet seems to not work the same. my watch always gets loose around my wrist and i’m constantly having to tighten it. i eventually just switched the band.
light weight than the apple band, which i took it as a good thing. texture is just as soft as the apple ones. the button does not close with smoothness as the apple, instead it sort of clicks on which i’m not too bothered by. gave it 2 stars leas because the band has a gas like odor which is extremely strong. been bothering me all day until i noticed it was the band. shipping was extremly fast which i was satisfied with. if the smell doesn’t bug you then take this item as a 5 star.
this is a nice looking band, and it feels okay - but is a bit stiffer than genuine apple bands, and many of the knockoffs out there that are around the same price.  instead of the supple silicone feel, this feels a bit more like regular rubber or plastic - more like a swatch band might feel. it's not necessarily bad - just different.
i love that this is an exact replica of the band on the apple website but for way less! the color was just as described. however, i find that it is a little difficult to fasten. i put the button in the hole but the button comes out once i secure it. i have to hold on to the button when i secure it. it’s not a huge deal and you get what you pay for. overall great substitute for the expensive bands on apple.com!
i first got this band in cocoa, and it's a little greyer than i anticipated but i love it with my rose gold watch. i don't really like pink hues, and this band really brings out a bronze tint to the watch. i loved the band so much i got another one, this time i got the rose red. the picture made it look like a very deep red, but it's actually a lot more pink - almost a bright magenta. i really wanted a deeper red since i don't like pink colors, so hopefully i can exchange this color for the color it displayed online.
when i first put the band on my watch, you could tell it wasn’t the best quality and a lot fuzz from my clothes and dry skin would stick to the band and would have to be constantly cleaned. after a month of wear the metal on the band has rusted. i don’t shower with my watch on but washing my hands some water gets under the band. you get what you pay for. this would probably be best if you don’t wear the same band every day and switch them out.
i like the watch band but it
love the color, however it won’t stay done up. seller did refund my money for the problem
with my wrist size it is either too tight or too loose. also i developed a reaction to the band on my left wrist.
not really the color described, more of a periwinkle.
really loved the color and feel to the watch band but when i put it on the metal clasp came apart right after attaching it to my wrist. so disappointed. glad i wasn't running when this happened.
a little snug compared to other bands i’ve bought, but does the job fine.
the color wasn’t really what it was. disappointing that way. also i can’t return some mod them. just beware.  some colors are not as they seem
i like how soft and light it is.  i am worried i might loose my watch as the band doesn't seem very secure.
quality looks good but i couldn’t try it on my watch, got the wrong size and color.
the band is thick and is difficult to slide into and out of the slots.
won't fit in my watch
i expected more of a cobalt blue. it’s a bit on the lighter blue side.
i like the way it feels and the quality but the color was totally not walhat i was expecting. i got more of a pink.
i wore this band for one day and lost my apple watch due to the band coming undone. terrible disappointment! would not suggest this band
it’s okay, the band isn’t very easy to put on, always pops off so it takes longer to get on.
i like the the feel of the band. however, it doesn’t fasten as well as my last rubber band.
the silicone is already chipping on the hole i use. the plastic holdings are also falling out. looks good cheap build
i really don’t like this band.
item is nice but feels extremely cheap, band keeps sliding out of my watch face at random times and won’t stay.
band i love but received the wrong color when ordered. i ordered antique white and got just normal white.
band broke within weeks, and ended up breaking my watch when it broke.
the color is all wrong ,pink is tan ,tan is deep brown,the length is great mm is ml
not the whole apple watch but it's worth it
the quality of the band seems good and worth for the price. there at the band connector slots there is a little space but it’s not the highly priced apple products or associated premium bands to have great precision. the only isssue i have with this the color is not accurate at all. i thought i ordered or at least expect it to be a darker and richer blue but i got this washed out blue color which is between a light and medium dark blue.
it’s hard to close it keeps opening
no me llego ordene dos no me llegaron
ordered the burgundy color and what i got in the mail was the soft pink. still cute but not what i ordered.
this watch band is no good. i was excited to have a watch that fit my wrist so well, but i believe the clasp is upside down because the extra bit of band sticks out instead of goes under the band. the band also falls off very easily. i was not pleased. if the band stayed on it would be of good quality.
okay for the price, only wear it to work. when i received it the color was already fading in some spots.
i like the color and it seems durable however when i was first putting in on my watch, one of the little pins that holds it in the watch keeps popping out. i'm lucky i haven't lost it yet because it's so small.
i use this case so i can wear my apple watch while playing beach volleyball, so i only can attest to its dust-proofing and durability.
after owning the catalyst watch band for the apple watch and using it everyday since november of 2016, i’ve finally had a chance to give a honest review. the overall protection is great. it protects against a harsh environment i work in. i work in a warehouse using hand and power tools all day and constantly lifting heavy objects. being that said my only two complaints are the one, the wrist band and two, the material look.
build is nice. the band looks cool. the only gripe i have is that it marks up easily. it's less than a week old and i have black marks on my watch. the marks also do not come off.
good product the rubber band seems to rub and stick to some surfaces. seems to be ok with waterproofing. wish it cam with some kind of screen protector.
this case was absolutely perfect until you have to take it apart. i loved it so much that i purchased the a white case as well as the stealth black. while taking my first case apart to place the all white case on the place where the screw meets that top portion broke. now i’m not able to tighten the case down. catalyst please improve build quality.
i really like this product but after only having the product for not even a year there is already a crack on the case by the screen. i can’t believe that i spend the extra money on this case only for it to break in less than a year which defeats the purpose of buying this case in the first place.
not water proof out of package it is protective but wouldn’t trust water proofing all buttons work also no screen protection from scratches not a good value for price and return policy is long and stressful and warranty from catilyst not honored because amazon is not an authorized retailer through catilyst
the case fits the watch really well and is easy to put together. as described it does help the watch guard against incursion by water or dust. however the screw that holds the case together snapped on mine while reaching into my briefcase, sometimes items marketed to a more "rugged" crowd are not as rugged as one would like them to be. would not purchase another one.
the only job this case succeeds at is being water proof. the very first day i had it, i accidentally dropped it while standing and it broke the screw portion out of place and burst open, throwing my apple watch across the asphalt.
the case does a good job at all around protecting your apple watch. however, i would also like to point out that it tends to break open with impact (i.e. bumping into someone while walking). i've even had it to where i've caught a fly ball and it pops off due to the momentum. i would not buy this again.
this is my 2nd one and the rubber band that holds the excess strap has broke on both.  i email the seller but no response.  the cased itself is great.
while i like the design and it's cool looking, the flaw i experienced is the enclosure keeps pressure on the dial which constantly activates my siri. i'm gonna say that it is a good case but not structured well.
after going for a swim. i get out to realize my watch was disconnected from my phone. after an hour or more of trying to reconnect i eventually had to completely reset my watch back to factory. it wouldn't even let me restore from icloud. the only way to get my watch back was to reset it to factory as a brand new watch. i'm not sure why this happened but needless to say i won't be swimming in mine again.
they are on the bulky side of accessories. if you have small wrists i'd recommend you just get the apple watch series 2 since they are water-resistant.
i’m having issues getting it to fit properly, just does not want to snap in to where i can control the buttons on the side. i did not have this issue with the first one.. i will not rule out operator error just yet... but it should be as easy as the  first one.
bought in november and broke after 4 months
purchased less than a year ago and case is cracked in two places and broken in another. i have never dropped it and use it during working out and daily wear. never used in rugged conditions etc. not the quality expected for spending $60. pretty disappointing.
the tiny screw stripped after trying to take the case first during the first try, took it to local hardware store and they said to send the watch and case back to catalyst, i'm debating cutting the case somehow. in any case i will be asking for a full refund.
the rubber casing was torn so the reason one buys a water proof band is so it will be waterproof and it was not.
great until it broke during ultimate football.
received produced on 8/7 and it’s barely been over a month and the case is cracked. i expected a lot more time for the price paid.
loved it then after a few weeks the case began to come apart. there were cracks in the seams that would let water in. i took it apart, reassembled and did a stress test just to see that it would easily come apart again.
i thought the case had a clear screen protector on it but it didn’t so i was kind of disappointed. other than that the case was great
after about three months the rubber piece that goes on before the case ripped in half on the back side. other than that its pretty good
pin that keeps the band together fell out on the first wear. thankfully i could put a paperclip in its place. but for 60 bux its kinda ridiculous
the product does what it says it’ll do. not happy about the rubber piece that holds down the wrist strap breaking on the 2nd month of wearing a $60 dollar product.
the material that covers the watch feels cheap and scratched easily.
not as water proof as it says and i learned the hard way.  rip apple watch
once my apple watch was on the case itches green knob would not turn the dial.
the hold down for the tip continually releases the tip. quite annoying.
case felt very secure and protective, but band was too big for my wrist size. (i wear the small apple watch band.
ok, so here is the skinny on this product. my second one (fool me once.....) just broke after 16 months. i now have serious doubts that it could survive a 6.6 foot drop as they claim unless they mean with no watch inside. i love the way it looks but would not pay more than $15 for the product. at that price it would be worth the protection for a year or so before buying another one. i never did test it for waterproofness, but i will attest that it is heavy splash proof, like with a direct hit from a spraying hose. i would opt for the watch with the stainless case, or even the aluminum case for that matter.
the orange side dial and buttons are ugly. makes the watch look cheap.
unfortunately i had an issue with mine.  i tested it before usage and it worked fine with no leaks.  then i took it in the pool with my actual watch in it and after i got out of the pool 20 min. later i had water all around the watch inside the silicone casing.  it was sealed properly.  i checked it right after the pool and saw the water in there. (picture included)  luckily i was able to get the watch out right away before any major damage it looks like.  i returned it already.
very durable and comfortable to wear. however, it is not entirely water proof. i still have water seeping into the silicon cover.
broken after some months of usage on the screw area, probably my fault by skrewing to hard.
the case seems to do the trick as far as keeping water and dust out. i'm not completely happy with the band though. it's a really soft rubber, and it feels a bit cheap. not sure how long it will hold up.
bulky
broke after 10 months of normal use.
this case does provide waterproof protection and impact protection as well. the main drawback of it is the pin mount watch band that is like a standard watch design. the nature of this watch case is for highly active and outdoors enthusiasts and the old spring pin attachment is just unreliable for the long haul. no less then two times i had to fish the watch out of the water, luckily finding it, after a bow line brushed across the side or even when removing a heavy float coat. i would suggest a mini bolt or something along those lines to retain the band to the case. not a spring loaded pin. the watch itself has a far superior band connection than this band does to the waterproof case.
no screen protector
i have owned this watch case since june 22, 2016 and it's already been replaced once by the manufacturer. now the case itself has broken and is not wearable. you would think a case of this price and use would last longer.
i was initially impressed with the waterproof ability and the comfort of the silicone band.  i've come to realize that it can't handle much physical activity past lifting or running.  i'm not sure if i was just to rough with it or if my case is faulty but it's begun to crack rather badly right near the screw.  worried that it might affect the water proof integrity of the case and i'd hate to have to take it off for typical activities i do every day just because of this malfunction.
i had been looking for a sports case for my watch as i work out and am always on the go i figured i needed something stylish but also functional for my lifestyle. i purchased in april for my apple watch sport and loved it at first.... i raved and told anyone i noticed with an apple watch about this case. i was skeptical about the waterproof so i tested it and it really worked. it recently broke with no warning, literally sitting on my couch and i felt something hit my leg. i looked down and it was my watch, i looked at my rest to see the band still attached but the face was in my hand. i believe for the amount of money it cost for a catalyst case the build quality should be a lot better. i would've felt better had it broken while i was working out or moving around but falling apart as i watch a football game from my couch is not a good look. please purchase at your own risk.
product keeps my apple watch secure but is not waterproof. i hope catalyst can make this right before my trip to the lake
it dose not fit properly
the screwdriver provided head is a little bit bigger than the screw itself, so it's a little bit hard to use, hence i had to use my own screw driver. the case itself is of top quality material but it's a little bit hard for it to "magnetised" on the original charger + twelve south apple watch stand
its ok. but the strap keeps coming off.cheap material
we bought 2 of these and wife didn't like how big it is so she will only where it going to the beach. mine broke apart (split open at the seam) yesterday getting out of my airline seat....so we will see how their return service is.
bands easily detach . wouldn't suggest wearing in deep waters because you may lose you're iwatch.
i have the case 2 stars because when wearing this band it does create a rash on your wrist and i do take it off every night to charge it.  also when taking a shower the little silicon inner pierce has a tendency to let water seep in even though i followed instructions on how to properly install the watch however lifeproof does not make a applewatch case yet so this is the best thing out right now.  the one good thing about this case is it makes the watch bulkier and i'm a bigger guy at 601 and 260 lbs doesn't look small on my wrist.
i typically do not write strong reviews, but in this case i had such a poor experience with this watch case (and company) that i felt compelled to. i bought this case due to being one of the only cases that makes the first generation apple watch waterproof, and the fact that it got decent reviews.
i bought the case because i need something beefy and waterproof for bike trail building.
i bought this case hoping for a great waterproof option for my apple watch series one. but, sadly after just 3 months of daily wear the case cracked, pinching my skin rendering it an expensive, useless piece of trash. i do not recommend if you have a very active job where your forearms & hands are in a flexed state often and you'd like the watch to fit snuggly as to not slip down the wrist.
purchased this as a pre-order when it first came out late 2015. i think overall it is a good product. waterproofing works well. the biggest downfall is the band disconnect issue.  it happened to me a couple of times.  i contacted catalyst and they have send me new pin springs for it.  they told me that some cases were shipped with the wrong pins.  the new springs are a little longer and have a slightly different shape.  i haven't had the band fall off again, but then again i am a little more gingerly in the way i handle the watch when it is strapped on to my wrist.  the springs were shipped direct from hong kong and took about 10 days to arrive.  having said all this, i will likely switch to the lunatik h2o case that is due to be released in july 2016.  the bands look more secure on that case.
not worth 70 dollars. as soon as i opened the box i looked at the back huge gash in the silicone rendering useless and not water proof. semi large scratch next to screw. the screw was completely stripped and could not be removed. i was able to get a refund and the case seemed pretty nice and durable. i'm not saying this is a horrible case, it's just that my case was defective. i gave two stars because i got the case in two days and it looked like a very nice case. but on the other hand it didn't get manufactured correctly.
i really enjoyed this case while it lasted (2 weeks). and shipping was really fast to japan. really it's a nice case just don't expect it to be a tough case like i did. i was changing oil on a vehicle and it's not like i snagged it on anything or smashed my hand around but it some how broke the case bad enough that the watch won't stay in the case anymore. fast shipping, very comfortable, just wish it was a little stronger.
i bought this case from best buy and i do like it it looks awesome and protects my watch but with the rubber lining i had problems charging it on a after market dock due to the thickness of the rubber but it did work with the stronger factory charger.
my main gripe about this product (and i hope catalyst reads and improves) is that it requires quite a bit of effort to put on and take off. it requires a screwdriver for the case, you have to wrap a silicone piece around the edges and bottom of the watch, there are loose pieces, and the strap itself feels a little on the cheaper side.
speaker is significantly quieter.
i bought this 6 weeks ago and installed my watch per the instructions.  looks great and fits great too. problem is the nut the little screw tightens up against broke! i never over tightened it, or removed it from the case once installed. i was just wearing it one day and my watch literally fell of my wrist leaving only the band on my wrist!
****update*****just a couple of days after the product support windows close, my watch just falls off my arm without my knowledge. the actual watch face fell out of the band into the grass and had one of my students not seen something hit the ground, i would not have known. i would have lost my watch. i did lose the screws when it fell apart. this band seems to be a waste of my money just on that alone.  i did purchase the insurance so let's see how this will work.
cheap plastic, had this cover for 4 days now. first setting the watch in the case is a bit challenging to get the rubber gasket just right. everything seemed good but then i noticed a crack at the bottom that i have know idea how it formed, making the water tight non existent. really angry about this 50$ case. please beware
i was a bit worried about testing it, but i showered while wearing it and it worked great. there was no leaking into the watch and it remained dry without any problems.
the case is nice, makes me feel like my watch is safer. it is supposedly water proof, however due to the fact that there isn't a built in screen protector and the case feels somewhat unreliable i don't trust it for swimming. it's great for washing the car, dishes, & hands. i just wouldn't wanna submerge my watch. love the look of the case, feels like o can bump or drop the watch. my only dislike is it doesn't have a built in screen protector.
box was marked for apple watch series 1. specifically ordered for series 3. followed all instruction exactly. i was unable to snap top and bottom cover together after watch was installed. if i applied any more pressure seemed as if it would break the tabs on the front watch cover. could have been a manufacturing defect of the case. did not seem to fit as described by others.
i returned this case because it doesn't fit on my son watch series 3. this one is for series 1. i went to best buy to buy my son the series 3.  the service was fast. just wrong item.
does what it says it will do with respect to waterproofing.  the strap keeper does not hold the extra strap in place after watch is buckled.  it keeps sliding out.
case broke after 4 months of use. watch fell out and completely cracked. watchbwas full of dust and dirt inside rubber sleeve where it’s supposedly waterproof. it’s a good thing i never put that to the test!
provides great protection and looks good. watch works fine through the front screen protector. my mophie charger wouldn't pass through the back protector however, i had to go with the stock apple watch charger. the band is way too short for my wrist, making the buckle difficult to fasten.
made the watch way to bulky. but it kept it safe for when i was swimming which was comforting.
while the product is great, no where in the details does it state this is a case for a series 1 apple watch. this does not fit a series 3. i had to take a loss on this.
it would've been better but the straps were a bit flimsy. i didn't dare try submerging the watch in water.
looks goofy on your wrist
there is no screen protection, the case is adequate, but not great. it is hideous to put on and take off.
the band is very good and performs well.
tight fit the turn knob has issues turning love the band but to tight
i loved the case when i had it, but it broke after 6 months. the plastic near the turning dial cracked and that was that.
i've only had this case for 2 months and it has already cracked on the bottom.
great product but the rubber band does not last long.
not for my watch. too big.
i really liked the look of this case and the idea of the water proofing, however it didn't work for me.  it obviously adds quite a lot of bulk to the watch, and i'm not sure how safe i'd feel using it under water.  my biggest issue came with the little silicone sleeve that you put the watch in.  i was able to install the sleeve and the case, no issues, everything was correct, but after having it installed, it sure didn't like to allow my watch to charge very well.  i got some "pointers" from the company that suggested what the issues could be with the case, and why this was occurring, such as "air bubbles" trapped in the sleeve, but none of those fixes helped, as the case was installed correctly.  it just didn't charge.  it would charge for a couple minutes, then i'd get the beep that it was not charging, or trying to reconnect to the charger.  well made product, decent engineering, just didn't work for me as i'd hoped.
i like the feel of the band on my wrist but the only thing that concerns me is pictured, water getting under the seal if anyone else has this issue or if it's normal please let me know or leave a review thanks!
perfect for protection of you iwatch against water, but the tiny screw and screwdriver provided, worked great just on the first time, so it's not meant for removing and putting back many times...  just one time only (at least for mine)
works well but is bulky and not quick to change out.
the case did meet my expectations.  i never had any issues with water damage.  it did keep my watch protected.  the only this is it's rather ugly.  it's pretty big as well. and it's a hassle to switch out i other bands.
must have had a bad product, because the case cracked in just over two weeks of using it around the area were the screw is housed.
i like it but didn't know it would not cover the front screen.
love the cover but the skin irritation it caused to my wrist wasn't worth keeping it on
ok so this product is great water proof but it broke after 2 months.. granted it broke as it was used during a struggle (hands on with a subject). the screws broke the plastic making it unrepairable.
check out this review before you buy this: [...]
does what it says...but no screen protection for the watch face!!!
maybe it was just me, but i could not get the home button (crown) to work properly inside of this case.  it's like the rubber sleeve (waterproofing) is too thick to be squeezed inside of the plastic housing, making it interfere with the compression of the crown to return to home screen.  every time i pushed the button i would just get siri popping up asking what i wanted help with.  i disassembled and tried over several times with the same results, so i did exercise quite a bit of patience before giving up.  i really had high hopes but will not use this case :(
i bought this cover and the product looks awesome. i had multiple people complement on it and it was very comfortable too. unfortunately, the case cracked within days. the customer service was great though and they got me a replacement sent out right away. unfortunately, the replacement cracked i the other end within a week. not sure what the problem is but my friend has same case(different color) and has had it for months.
when in the case i can’t use my home button and it doesn’t completely close plus it keeps activating siri without me touching it
my initial impression when receiving this case was “impressive “. it took me several attempts to get the silicone jacket to line up right (the roller button would not work or would stick causing siri to stay on) but i finally work that out. i work in a line crew so i can be pretty tough on watches and this case did a great job for about 2 weeks. i was at church talking to a friend and felt a pop on my wrist. the plastic case that holds the face plate in had broke on one side and was sticking straight out. i’m pretty sure this was due to a defect but i contacted catalyst by email and sent them a picture. they were very helpful and are sending me a new one. i only gave 3 stars except for customer service, 4 stars. i’m looking forward to my replacement. hopefully the next one holds up better.
the retaining hoop is crap, it is falling apart from normal use. making this part in metal would this product amazing!!!
have to take off and adjust several times a day. leaves impressions
i use this case so i can wear my apple watch while playing beach volleyball, so i only can attest to its dust-proofing and durability.
after owning the catalyst watch band for the apple watch and using it everyday since november of 2016, i’ve finally had a chance to give a honest review. the overall protection is great. it protects against a harsh environment i work in. i work in a warehouse using hand and power tools all day and constantly lifting heavy objects. being that said my only two complaints are the one, the wrist band and two, the material look.
build is nice. the band looks cool. the only gripe i have is that it marks up easily. it's less than a week old and i have black marks on my watch. the marks also do not come off.
good product the rubber band seems to rub and stick to some surfaces. seems to be ok with waterproofing. wish it cam with some kind of screen protector.
this case was absolutely perfect until you have to take it apart. i loved it so much that i purchased the a white case as well as the stealth black. while taking my first case apart to place the all white case on the place where the screw meets that top portion broke. now i’m not able to tighten the case down. catalyst please improve build quality.
i really like this product but after only having the product for not even a year there is already a crack on the case by the screen. i can’t believe that i spend the extra money on this case only for it to break in less than a year which defeats the purpose of buying this case in the first place.
not water proof out of package it is protective but wouldn’t trust water proofing all buttons work also no screen protection from scratches not a good value for price and return policy is long and stressful and warranty from catilyst not honored because amazon is not an authorized retailer through catilyst
the case fits the watch really well and is easy to put together. as described it does help the watch guard against incursion by water or dust. however the screw that holds the case together snapped on mine while reaching into my briefcase, sometimes items marketed to a more "rugged" crowd are not as rugged as one would like them to be. would not purchase another one.
the only job this case succeeds at is being water proof. the very first day i had it, i accidentally dropped it while standing and it broke the screw portion out of place and burst open, throwing my apple watch across the asphalt.
the case does a good job at all around protecting your apple watch. however, i would also like to point out that it tends to break open with impact (i.e. bumping into someone while walking). i've even had it to where i've caught a fly ball and it pops off due to the momentum. i would not buy this again.
this is my 2nd one and the rubber band that holds the excess strap has broke on both.  i email the seller but no response.  the cased itself is great.
while i like the design and it's cool looking, the flaw i experienced is the enclosure keeps pressure on the dial which constantly activates my siri. i'm gonna say that it is a good case but not structured well.
after going for a swim. i get out to realize my watch was disconnected from my phone. after an hour or more of trying to reconnect i eventually had to completely reset my watch back to factory. it wouldn't even let me restore from icloud. the only way to get my watch back was to reset it to factory as a brand new watch. i'm not sure why this happened but needless to say i won't be swimming in mine again.
they are on the bulky side of accessories. if you have small wrists i'd recommend you just get the apple watch series 2 since they are water-resistant.
i’m having issues getting it to fit properly, just does not want to snap in to where i can control the buttons on the side. i did not have this issue with the first one.. i will not rule out operator error just yet... but it should be as easy as the  first one.
bought in november and broke after 4 months
purchased less than a year ago and case is cracked in two places and broken in another. i have never dropped it and use it during working out and daily wear. never used in rugged conditions etc. not the quality expected for spending $60. pretty disappointing.
the tiny screw stripped after trying to take the case first during the first try, took it to local hardware store and they said to send the watch and case back to catalyst, i'm debating cutting the case somehow. in any case i will be asking for a full refund.
the rubber casing was torn so the reason one buys a water proof band is so it will be waterproof and it was not.
great until it broke during ultimate football.
received produced on 8/7 and it’s barely been over a month and the case is cracked. i expected a lot more time for the price paid.
loved it then after a few weeks the case began to come apart. there were cracks in the seams that would let water in. i took it apart, reassembled and did a stress test just to see that it would easily come apart again.
i thought the case had a clear screen protector on it but it didn’t so i was kind of disappointed. other than that the case was great
after about three months the rubber piece that goes on before the case ripped in half on the back side. other than that its pretty good
pin that keeps the band together fell out on the first wear. thankfully i could put a paperclip in its place. but for 60 bux its kinda ridiculous
the product does what it says it’ll do. not happy about the rubber piece that holds down the wrist strap breaking on the 2nd month of wearing a $60 dollar product.
the material that covers the watch feels cheap and scratched easily.
not as water proof as it says and i learned the hard way.  rip apple watch
once my apple watch was on the case itches green knob would not turn the dial.
the hold down for the tip continually releases the tip. quite annoying.
case felt very secure and protective, but band was too big for my wrist size. (i wear the small apple watch band.
ok, so here is the skinny on this product. my second one (fool me once.....) just broke after 16 months. i now have serious doubts that it could survive a 6.6 foot drop as they claim unless they mean with no watch inside. i love the way it looks but would not pay more than $15 for the product. at that price it would be worth the protection for a year or so before buying another one. i never did test it for waterproofness, but i will attest that it is heavy splash proof, like with a direct hit from a spraying hose. i would opt for the watch with the stainless case, or even the aluminum case for that matter.
the orange side dial and buttons are ugly. makes the watch look cheap.
unfortunately i had an issue with mine.  i tested it before usage and it worked fine with no leaks.  then i took it in the pool with my actual watch in it and after i got out of the pool 20 min. later i had water all around the watch inside the silicone casing.  it was sealed properly.  i checked it right after the pool and saw the water in there. (picture included)  luckily i was able to get the watch out right away before any major damage it looks like.  i returned it already.
very durable and comfortable to wear. however, it is not entirely water proof. i still have water seeping into the silicon cover.
broken after some months of usage on the screw area, probably my fault by skrewing to hard.
the case seems to do the trick as far as keeping water and dust out. i'm not completely happy with the band though. it's a really soft rubber, and it feels a bit cheap. not sure how long it will hold up.
bulky
broke after 10 months of normal use.
this case does provide waterproof protection and impact protection as well. the main drawback of it is the pin mount watch band that is like a standard watch design. the nature of this watch case is for highly active and outdoors enthusiasts and the old spring pin attachment is just unreliable for the long haul. no less then two times i had to fish the watch out of the water, luckily finding it, after a bow line brushed across the side or even when removing a heavy float coat. i would suggest a mini bolt or something along those lines to retain the band to the case. not a spring loaded pin. the watch itself has a far superior band connection than this band does to the waterproof case.
no screen protector
i have owned this watch case since june 22, 2016 and it's already been replaced once by the manufacturer. now the case itself has broken and is not wearable. you would think a case of this price and use would last longer.
i was initially impressed with the waterproof ability and the comfort of the silicone band.  i've come to realize that it can't handle much physical activity past lifting or running.  i'm not sure if i was just to rough with it or if my case is faulty but it's begun to crack rather badly right near the screw.  worried that it might affect the water proof integrity of the case and i'd hate to have to take it off for typical activities i do every day just because of this malfunction.
i had been looking for a sports case for my watch as i work out and am always on the go i figured i needed something stylish but also functional for my lifestyle. i purchased in april for my apple watch sport and loved it at first.... i raved and told anyone i noticed with an apple watch about this case. i was skeptical about the waterproof so i tested it and it really worked. it recently broke with no warning, literally sitting on my couch and i felt something hit my leg. i looked down and it was my watch, i looked at my rest to see the band still attached but the face was in my hand. i believe for the amount of money it cost for a catalyst case the build quality should be a lot better. i would've felt better had it broken while i was working out or moving around but falling apart as i watch a football game from my couch is not a good look. please purchase at your own risk.
product keeps my apple watch secure but is not waterproof. i hope catalyst can make this right before my trip to the lake
it dose not fit properly
the screwdriver provided head is a little bit bigger than the screw itself, so it's a little bit hard to use, hence i had to use my own screw driver. the case itself is of top quality material but it's a little bit hard for it to "magnetised" on the original charger + twelve south apple watch stand
its ok. but the strap keeps coming off.cheap material
we bought 2 of these and wife didn't like how big it is so she will only where it going to the beach. mine broke apart (split open at the seam) yesterday getting out of my airline seat....so we will see how their return service is.
bands easily detach . wouldn't suggest wearing in deep waters because you may lose you're iwatch.
i have the case 2 stars because when wearing this band it does create a rash on your wrist and i do take it off every night to charge it.  also when taking a shower the little silicon inner pierce has a tendency to let water seep in even though i followed instructions on how to properly install the watch however lifeproof does not make a applewatch case yet so this is the best thing out right now.  the one good thing about this case is it makes the watch bulkier and i'm a bigger guy at 601 and 260 lbs doesn't look small on my wrist.
i typically do not write strong reviews, but in this case i had such a poor experience with this watch case (and company) that i felt compelled to. i bought this case due to being one of the only cases that makes the first generation apple watch waterproof, and the fact that it got decent reviews.
i bought the case because i need something beefy and waterproof for bike trail building.
i bought this case hoping for a great waterproof option for my apple watch series one. but, sadly after just 3 months of daily wear the case cracked, pinching my skin rendering it an expensive, useless piece of trash. i do not recommend if you have a very active job where your forearms & hands are in a flexed state often and you'd like the watch to fit snuggly as to not slip down the wrist.
purchased this as a pre-order when it first came out late 2015. i think overall it is a good product. waterproofing works well. the biggest downfall is the band disconnect issue.  it happened to me a couple of times.  i contacted catalyst and they have send me new pin springs for it.  they told me that some cases were shipped with the wrong pins.  the new springs are a little longer and have a slightly different shape.  i haven't had the band fall off again, but then again i am a little more gingerly in the way i handle the watch when it is strapped on to my wrist.  the springs were shipped direct from hong kong and took about 10 days to arrive.  having said all this, i will likely switch to the lunatik h2o case that is due to be released in july 2016.  the bands look more secure on that case.
not worth 70 dollars. as soon as i opened the box i looked at the back huge gash in the silicone rendering useless and not water proof. semi large scratch next to screw. the screw was completely stripped and could not be removed. i was able to get a refund and the case seemed pretty nice and durable. i'm not saying this is a horrible case, it's just that my case was defective. i gave two stars because i got the case in two days and it looked like a very nice case. but on the other hand it didn't get manufactured correctly.
i really enjoyed this case while it lasted (2 weeks). and shipping was really fast to japan. really it's a nice case just don't expect it to be a tough case like i did. i was changing oil on a vehicle and it's not like i snagged it on anything or smashed my hand around but it some how broke the case bad enough that the watch won't stay in the case anymore. fast shipping, very comfortable, just wish it was a little stronger.
i bought this case from best buy and i do like it it looks awesome and protects my watch but with the rubber lining i had problems charging it on a after market dock due to the thickness of the rubber but it did work with the stronger factory charger.
my main gripe about this product (and i hope catalyst reads and improves) is that it requires quite a bit of effort to put on and take off. it requires a screwdriver for the case, you have to wrap a silicone piece around the edges and bottom of the watch, there are loose pieces, and the strap itself feels a little on the cheaper side.
speaker is significantly quieter.
i bought this 6 weeks ago and installed my watch per the instructions.  looks great and fits great too. problem is the nut the little screw tightens up against broke! i never over tightened it, or removed it from the case once installed. i was just wearing it one day and my watch literally fell of my wrist leaving only the band on my wrist!
****update*****just a couple of days after the product support windows close, my watch just falls off my arm without my knowledge. the actual watch face fell out of the band into the grass and had one of my students not seen something hit the ground, i would not have known. i would have lost my watch. i did lose the screws when it fell apart. this band seems to be a waste of my money just on that alone.  i did purchase the insurance so let's see how this will work.
cheap plastic, had this cover for 4 days now. first setting the watch in the case is a bit challenging to get the rubber gasket just right. everything seemed good but then i noticed a crack at the bottom that i have know idea how it formed, making the water tight non existent. really angry about this 50$ case. please beware
i was a bit worried about testing it, but i showered while wearing it and it worked great. there was no leaking into the watch and it remained dry without any problems.
the case is nice, makes me feel like my watch is safer. it is supposedly water proof, however due to the fact that there isn't a built in screen protector and the case feels somewhat unreliable i don't trust it for swimming. it's great for washing the car, dishes, & hands. i just wouldn't wanna submerge my watch. love the look of the case, feels like o can bump or drop the watch. my only dislike is it doesn't have a built in screen protector.
box was marked for apple watch series 1. specifically ordered for series 3. followed all instruction exactly. i was unable to snap top and bottom cover together after watch was installed. if i applied any more pressure seemed as if it would break the tabs on the front watch cover. could have been a manufacturing defect of the case. did not seem to fit as described by others.
i returned this case because it doesn't fit on my son watch series 3. this one is for series 1. i went to best buy to buy my son the series 3.  the service was fast. just wrong item.
does what it says it will do with respect to waterproofing.  the strap keeper does not hold the extra strap in place after watch is buckled.  it keeps sliding out.
case broke after 4 months of use. watch fell out and completely cracked. watchbwas full of dust and dirt inside rubber sleeve where it’s supposedly waterproof. it’s a good thing i never put that to the test!
provides great protection and looks good. watch works fine through the front screen protector. my mophie charger wouldn't pass through the back protector however, i had to go with the stock apple watch charger. the band is way too short for my wrist, making the buckle difficult to fasten.
made the watch way to bulky. but it kept it safe for when i was swimming which was comforting.
while the product is great, no where in the details does it state this is a case for a series 1 apple watch. this does not fit a series 3. i had to take a loss on this.
it would've been better but the straps were a bit flimsy. i didn't dare try submerging the watch in water.
looks goofy on your wrist
there is no screen protection, the case is adequate, but not great. it is hideous to put on and take off.
the band is very good and performs well.
tight fit the turn knob has issues turning love the band but to tight
i loved the case when i had it, but it broke after 6 months. the plastic near the turning dial cracked and that was that.
i've only had this case for 2 months and it has already cracked on the bottom.
great product but the rubber band does not last long.
not for my watch. too big.
i really liked the look of this case and the idea of the water proofing, however it didn't work for me.  it obviously adds quite a lot of bulk to the watch, and i'm not sure how safe i'd feel using it under water.  my biggest issue came with the little silicone sleeve that you put the watch in.  i was able to install the sleeve and the case, no issues, everything was correct, but after having it installed, it sure didn't like to allow my watch to charge very well.  i got some "pointers" from the company that suggested what the issues could be with the case, and why this was occurring, such as "air bubbles" trapped in the sleeve, but none of those fixes helped, as the case was installed correctly.  it just didn't charge.  it would charge for a couple minutes, then i'd get the beep that it was not charging, or trying to reconnect to the charger.  well made product, decent engineering, just didn't work for me as i'd hoped.
i like the feel of the band on my wrist but the only thing that concerns me is pictured, water getting under the seal if anyone else has this issue or if it's normal please let me know or leave a review thanks!
perfect for protection of you iwatch against water, but the tiny screw and screwdriver provided, worked great just on the first time, so it's not meant for removing and putting back many times...  just one time only (at least for mine)
works well but is bulky and not quick to change out.
the case did meet my expectations.  i never had any issues with water damage.  it did keep my watch protected.  the only this is it's rather ugly.  it's pretty big as well. and it's a hassle to switch out i other bands.
must have had a bad product, because the case cracked in just over two weeks of using it around the area were the screw is housed.
i like it but didn't know it would not cover the front screen.
love the cover but the skin irritation it caused to my wrist wasn't worth keeping it on
ok so this product is great water proof but it broke after 2 months.. granted it broke as it was used during a struggle (hands on with a subject). the screws broke the plastic making it unrepairable.
check out this review before you buy this: [...]
does what it says...but no screen protection for the watch face!!!
maybe it was just me, but i could not get the home button (crown) to work properly inside of this case.  it's like the rubber sleeve (waterproofing) is too thick to be squeezed inside of the plastic housing, making it interfere with the compression of the crown to return to home screen.  every time i pushed the button i would just get siri popping up asking what i wanted help with.  i disassembled and tried over several times with the same results, so i did exercise quite a bit of patience before giving up.  i really had high hopes but will not use this case :(
i bought this cover and the product looks awesome. i had multiple people complement on it and it was very comfortable too. unfortunately, the case cracked within days. the customer service was great though and they got me a replacement sent out right away. unfortunately, the replacement cracked i the other end within a week. not sure what the problem is but my friend has same case(different color) and has had it for months.
when in the case i can’t use my home button and it doesn’t completely close plus it keeps activating siri without me touching it
my initial impression when receiving this case was “impressive “. it took me several attempts to get the silicone jacket to line up right (the roller button would not work or would stick causing siri to stay on) but i finally work that out. i work in a line crew so i can be pretty tough on watches and this case did a great job for about 2 weeks. i was at church talking to a friend and felt a pop on my wrist. the plastic case that holds the face plate in had broke on one side and was sticking straight out. i’m pretty sure this was due to a defect but i contacted catalyst by email and sent them a picture. they were very helpful and are sending me a new one. i only gave 3 stars except for customer service, 4 stars. i’m looking forward to my replacement. hopefully the next one holds up better.
the retaining hoop is crap, it is falling apart from normal use. making this part in metal would this product amazing!!!
have to take off and adjust several times a day. leaves impressions
casing around watch face broke within a month.  disappointed with the product.  expected it to be tougher and last longer than it did.
i purchased this product in october of 2017. i actually purchased three, one for my husband, one for my daughter, and one for myself. today mine broke in two places. i bought it because of the warranty and thought i was purchasing it from catalyst through amazon, today i find out the warranty is not any good because trifecta shipped the product to me. thankfully, i had a long sleeve sweatshirt so i did not lose my watch as i was out and about today. i am very disappointed. $60 for a piece of plastic that does not live up to the hype.
the menu button does not work. it wont press the watch button.
catalys has serious quality problems with this product. it is a beautiful case but a few days after receiving it the case has defects and breaks; the silicone band are broken, the plastic case fractured in some parts.
seemed really nice at first but it didn't even last for two months before the case split apart and wouldn't stay together. there are plenty of bands that are under $20 that i've bought that have lasted much longer. i decided to spend the $50+ thinking it would protect my watch better and last longer...i think i'll just stick to the less expensive ones.
like the case and band a lot ,accept for one thing...the button for pressing the crown does not reach. it will lightly scroll, but a button press is impossible. i added a small dot of double sided sticky 3m foam tape. so in my evaluation, design fail does not support the cost.
band broke in 10 months
just purchased before christmas for my husband who is pretty active.  this looked like a nice sturdy case/band to protect a small $400 square.  it was perfect until about a week or so ago—just over a month.  it’s now cracked and broken.  i just emailed customer service.  hope to get a replacement or refund.
cheap flimsy plastic material. case holds the watch well however, if it gets wet the case will retain water within the silicone membrane. after two months i have to replace this case as the edges have started to chip away and i fear the watch may fall out.
cracked at the screw. no i did not over tighten it.  looking at other reviews i’m not the only one that had this issue. i loved everything about the case but it didn’t last long before breaking and for the price i paid this should have lasted me a very long time.
broke at 6 months
i like the case and all but there's one problem the scroll dial doesn't work with it all pieced together. i take it apart and with the rubber case around the watch it works fine. all pieced together it does not
when i put on the case i can’t use the side bottons.
case worked great for a little while then broke right near the crown and had to be replaced.
i first want to start out by saying i love the look of this watch.  however, i was disappointed when it said amazon prime but did not ship out for a couple of days (i ordered it to have for my vacation) but since it didn't ship out right away i had to have it shipped to my vacation location.  second, i followed the instructions exactly and now i can only see half of my screen on my apple watch.  yes, everything was sealed and screwed in tightly.  it worked successfully for the first 5 days of my vacation. the dial does not work very well to return the watch to the home screen but that didn't really bug me too much.  so.......while i was very excited initially (even the best buy guy gave your product a rave review) i am now extremely sad that i do not have my watch the rest of my vacation and it will probably cost me (a lot) in repairs or getting a new one.  my recommendation is not to take the chance with the product.
i work construction it didn’t hold up to my everyday use
great case but doesn't come with a screen protector so you need to buy one separate.
not exelent 100%
i’ve had my catalyst case for a few months now. recently , as the weather got hotter, the band has caused sores on my wrist. we live in montana near yellowstone park and it’s only reached 82* tops. i thought i was allergic to the material but it did the same thing to my husband. we have to take the watch off at night now. we haven’t tested the water claim, but the shock proof is true. i slammed my wrist into a concrete wall moving furniture and it didn’t even make a scratch on my apple series 3 watch.
i bought this because it was a nice looking case and for protection of my apple watch. i am not athletic so i thought i would be safe everyone loved it. after 7 months it started to crack and then a piece fell off. very disappointed especially for the cost was tempted to buy another but changed my mind.
tl:dr: buyer be ware: depending on who you order this product from, it may not qualify for warranty. will last approximately a year doing what it does well before failing.
these are great but they keep breaking right around the frame. my husband works hard out side all year and need  extra protection and i like these but i've had to buy two in less than a year already because they keep breaking around the face. if they can improve that part i would definitely give it 5 stars.
good case just can't use the crown button or scroll at all poor design to still be able to use all features of the watch
it was great and looked great but for 65 bucks it should last longer than 6.5 months. 10 bucks a month is a bit too much for a watch band. let’s see how they do on their “warranty”.
love this watch band. however, after two months and an active lifestyle. charging each night. began to develop contact dermatitis from the band. most likely from sweat trapped under the band. the small holes don't have enough ventilation. thus you have to wear it really loose to get it to work.
not worth the price at all!!!
buttons are hard to use with this case
very nice but dial on side is non functionable as the plastic shell does not let it compress or turn
i purchased the camel brown long double tour band. looks nice but materials look about like i would expect for the price, with the rubbery edging like you see on fake leather purses. i just got it yesterday so i don’t know how long it will last. of note- the apple watcher connector is shiny silver, not matte like my watch  ‘my biggest complaint is that the watch connector does not sit flush in the slot. the corners stick out slightly on either side... you can see it, you can fel it with your finger, and it’s prime to catch on fabric and pick up dirt and grime.
my girlfriend loves the look of the watch band but the durability is not great. i have purchased this watch band twice for her and bot bands have broke at the same spot. the break has occurred where the metal bar runs through the leather band and screws into the apple watch connector slide. after the first time, we just thought it was a fluke and bought another one and the same thing happened, which is why i am writing this review. very disappointed with the quality of the material and the durability. i would also add that my girlfriend is just a teacher and wears it while at school and isn't doing anything crazy that would cause stress to the band.
a few things- it is small. i’m a lady, without giant wrists (they’re not tiny either) and it doesn’t fit. even on the biggest hole- it squeezes me wrist so i can’t wear it. that’s not the end of the world, and doesn’t give it one star. it is a decent product but apparently even when it says prime and free returns you can’t return it.... so i’m stuck with a $20 piece of leather i can’t do anything with because it says ‘not eligible for return’ when i try to do so.
first thing is first, this band is gorgeous! it feels and fits amazing. unfortunately, i only got about a months worth of wears. i took my watch off to shower, and anytime i was going to be handeling water. i also removed it while i slept so i was very disappointed when this snapped. the metal that attaches to the watch and the band snapped in half. maybe i just got one with a loose screw. considering getting another just because it is a beautiful band. i’d recommend for the look but beware of loose screws.
this watch band looks nice, but it is super small... i'm an average build adult male, and i don't feel like i have a huge wrist. i can barely get it on to the first notch, so i won't be able to adjust the size at all. other than that, the material is nice, it looks really nice, just make sure you have a small wrist
ack! well, i did love this band — better quality leather than i expected, looks great! however, after wearing it only about 20–30 times, one of the tiny screws holding the band to the lug came out. luckily it happened while i was sitting so the watch didn’t fall & get damaged! i was able to reattach & it was ok for a couple of days but then it happened again & now i’m not sure if i can repair it again. very disappointing! only contact info on the manufacturer’s website is a chinese phone number. :(
the band is so cute, but like other reviewers, it broke within a week of wear where it attaches to the watch. additionally, the slots that slide in were slightly off and didn't properly fit the watch. thankfully i wasn't wearing the watch out at the time, because otherwise it would have fallen off my wrist. so sad, because there is no way to get a new one or return the defective one. only giving it two stars instead of one because the band looked so good wearing it before it broke.
i have had this watch band for less than a month and since for some reason i cannot return it i felt the need to write this review. the only reason i gave this 2 stars is because the band is very comfortable. while charging i had to put the charger in between the two layers of the band which was not a deal breaker, just something to be aware of. aside from that, the band broke three times in less than a month of me owning/wearing it. i fixed it twice with the little screwdriver but after the third time my patience had run out. i am not rough on my things so there is no reason for this to happen. for the price of this band as compared to others on amazon this is unacceptable.
the quality of this band seems decent, however i didn't get an opportunity to wear it. i scoured the reviews and many people said the band was larger than described and that it would fit my 7.5 inch wrist. that's my mistake for listening; the band is way too small. if you have a wrist above 7 inches, i'd stay away from this style. also, they do not accept returns. weird. lesson learned. don't plan to purchase from this seller again.
update 2017
loved the bank when i first received it. after 10 times of wear over a 3 week period, the link connecting the strap to the top part of the watch broke. my watch fell the the ground and was slightly scratched.  i reached out the the seller and they sent a replacement bag with screws and a new link.  i installed the new link and checked all the screws (top and bottom) to make sure they were tight.  within three days, the bottom link came apart.  i love the look of this band but was extremely disappointed when it fell apart twice in less than a month.
i really liked this item at first - i had a lot of compliments. color was great. but one month after wearing it, the screw that held the band connected to the watch got lost with obviously no way to replace it. now, it's unfortunately sitting in the box and i am back to the original iwatch band. a bit disappointed.
disappointed as this cuff is smaller than advertised, and will not fit my wrist. (i have the 38mm). also,  even though it was just delivered yesterday, it is unable to be returned. read the fine print! and know that you’re stuck with this one - even if it doesn’t fit you. :(
i’ve used this band for two months, not everyday as i often switch out my bands. i would guess i wore this about 25 times. the band is tearing on the edges, since the sides are lined with cheap plastic. i’ve had many other cheap bands that have held up far better and will not purchase this brand again.
the plastic part that the leather wraps around is far to thin. it is clearly not stainless steel even if advertised as such. about a month after owning this band it got snagged on a case and broke the plastic. the watch fell off my wrist and broke the screen. however, the band is stylish. i realize it is my fault for breaking the watch. however, it would have not happened had the ends been made a bit better. there are similar bands available in this price range with far better quality.
liked the color and feel but i'm giving it 2 stars and sending it back because of the clasp.  the clasp sticks out a little and gets stuck on things.  i even found that it went so far as to unhook the watch.  not taking any chances on losing my watch.
i purchased the 42mm brown cuff for $21.88. it looks very nice but it’s very cheap leather. the color was on cue and the size fit well however it shouldn’t cost as much as it does but we are being priced gouged because it’s an apple & hermes inspired watch band. q: am i happy with the product? a: so far i’m just “ok” with it. i would be happier if it cost less because it’s cheap leather. but whatever. it is what it is.
i work for one of the hugest snobs-in fashion. he saw this band in a staff meeting and said “omg, is the the hermès band?”  i replied that he doesn’t pay me enough.  this band is that good.  in addition i’ve owned it and worn it everyday for about 4 months.  i have the tan version.
nice product nicely made and as described. i gave ur a 3 only because it’s oddly worn and would probably only flatter very thin wrists. i’m medium build with tiny wrist but this was right and looked bad.
i enjoyed the strap and it worked well. unfortunately, it broke less than a week after i got it. one of the metal ends seemingly snapped for no reason. i could feel it getting looser throughout the day, then while driving home, my watch just fell off. lucky i was in my car and so my nice new watch wasn't lost of damaged. but it was disappointing. i will give it a second try hopefully with better results.
it's fine. it lacks the quality of the actual apple made band. it's noticeably cheaper in construction, but it's fine.
beautiful color, looks just as pictured. and the band is comfortable. but it's a lil big on me. it's on the last hole and slides around a lot. my wrists are average women's size.
broke 1 day after return window closed :/
love this watch band - the looks and feel of the leather is great for the price. unfortunately, after about 2.5 months of wearing the band ~3 times per week, the screws and metal link connecting the leather to the watch face repeatedly fell apart. i gave up fixing the assembly after the third time. if only it had lasted longer...
it was really nice! i loved it! but then it broke after two weeks of receiving it. :( i tried to return it but they don't allow returns. you get what you pay for.
i received this 3 days ago. i loved the look of it. it was exactly what i wanted! sadly after only 3 days it broke! i am super disappointed. i have had many different apple watch bands and never had one break after only 3 days!
genuine leather but not a very high grade
this was so nice and comfortable but the rod broke and i almost lost my watch.
band is stiff and hasn’t softened up with wear
loved it until it broke after about 3 weeks. the piece that slides into the watch became unscrewed and the two pieces came apart.  unless you have a very small tool kit, you can’t get back together.  looks like there was a dab of locktite on the threads that failed.
ehhh i don’t think the strap is long enough. i had to secure the straps in the first hole and it was very tight on my wrist. it looked awkward. i would rather give it to my mother who has smaller wrists than to go through the hassle of returning it.
i bought this and a white one from a different seller. but they suffer from similar issues. i realize it was just $20, but it was cheaper quality than i thought it would be. doesn't fit a bigger mans wrist. they wouldn't accept returns either. not worth it. i just threw it away.
flimsy metal part broke easily. really cute band but can’t wear it broken. treat it gently if you choose to buy it.
the gray double tour band looks nice, but the holes are not placed well. in the product picture, the holes go almost all the way to the end. on the actual product, there are a couple of inches with no hole - the first hole is in the same spot as the fourth hole in the picture. because of this, it did not fit.
i loved the band when i got it, as other reviews have said the leather is stiff but quickly became more flexible.  the problem i'm having after just one week of wearing it is the stainless steel clasp keeps falling off.  it came with a small plastic bag that contained 4 small screws and a tool, but i have no idea what they are for.
after 5 months of very intermittent use, one of the metal attachments case loose making it unusable. until then, five stars. cannot determine how to contact cookoo trading for a replacement.
love the bands, they’re a great quality! however, the two bands i have ordered were not the colors that are shown. the real is more of a medium baby blue, and the black band is actually a dark grey.
its okay-seems cheap looking
leather is quite hard right now, may soften over time. the straps are broad, making it bulky. with someone who has thin wrists like me, i wouldn’t recommend.
looks great, quality is just ok, but worth the price.
this band is very small, tight.  wrapping it twice, seems as if it should be longer.  tried it on my 10yo and it still didn’t meet my expectations.  since it’s not eligible for return...not sure what to do with it now.  could be nice, i guess!
not bad
love this style watch band, looking for something different that could be versatile. this band was exactly that. the band clasps broke on me which was a bummer, reached out to the support team for warranty info, they issued me a refund same day without hesitation!!! now i can order my replacement!!
i have my small wrist so this was wayyyy to big for my wrist and i couldn’t return it. so definitely take your measurements before buying
this is a really cute band for my apple watch, but i have had it for less then a month and it has broken 3 times.  and the seller will not allow this band to be sent back for a refund or exchange.  be careful about the return policy before you buy items!
poorly made
i love this band...until it breaks.  i’ve ordered it twice & it has broken twice.  it breaks in the same place each time.
thought the strap looked great, but after about a month of normal wear it broke where the band connects to the watch, the little metal piece slipped out and now it’s useless. bummer because i liked the look of the item
too small for me :(
this band looks great - loved it for the first few weeks i had it but broke during those first few weeks. maybe good for a night out but not for everyday wear - just because it isn't sturdy enough.
fits ok. cheap looking. blue in photograph is not representative of actual color.
the item came defect. it will not stay in place. beautiful band though.
the band material quality was impressive.  however, the band did not lock in the slot on the watch to remain secure.  this could have been just one defective band, but i am returning and will not be ordering another from this account.
i liked it. looks nice but it broke already. :( the metal bar that connects to band at the watch part.
love the style of this band but it is not leather as it claims to be.
looks great, doesn’t feel great. i had to give it away because it irritated my skin.
nice watch band but it was still too big
i was not pleased with the overall quality of this product.  the buckle tongue is to short to go through any of the holes.  i bought two colors and shouldn’t have done that.  i do not recommend this band.
cheap plastic-looking leather and it was too large for my average size wrist.  the watch band itself would fit fine but the cuff prevents the use of the smallest 4-5 notches.  you get what you pay for.
i like the band.  only wore a few times and it just fell apart one day.  is there replacement parts? the pin that holds to the band to the watch broke.
i really liked the look of this band but i have only used it a couple times and the metal piece that connects it to the watch already broke.  i am very disappointed
not for you if you have ridiculously small wrists like me :(
i purchased this item based on positive reviews; however, i returned it because the leather is so stiff that the apple watch series 2 won't sit flat on my wrist.
feels pretty cheap and is difficult to fasten (the post in the buckle is super short). my own fault for not realizing this couldn’t be returned, but if i could, i would definitely send it back.
this watch band looks great. leather is very stiff and the fastening broke on the second or third time i switched bands.
not for larger wrists and more importantly, the screws broke after 2 weeks. i will now be looking to purchase something a little more durable. it did, however, look very nice.
strap is a little too stiff but otherwise craftsmanship is good.
i love this look of this band, but i've only had it since the beginning of july and the piece that inserts into the watch on once side broken today. wish it hadn't because it's my every day band!
the band overall looks nice, but the buckle end of the strap doesn't stay securely in the watch.
decent quality for the price, but too small for my wrists (8 months pregnant).  wish it came with an extender.
the band is okay. this isn’t something i’d wear all the time. the thing i didn’t like is that it is made from cheap material.
it has to be longer for people with bigger wrist band to short
i liked the band when i first got it. have only worn ot a fee times and it broke and lost a part that clips into the watch.
i love this band but after only a week it has already broke.  has anyone else had this same issue?  should i buy another?
it’s ok unfortunately you cannot close the loop. the prong which goes through the loop is too short.
color. the way it fits
really loved the look and feel of the watch but it broke after only wearing it for 3 days.
i loved this watch band and received a lot of compliments until after a month of wearing it, the noticed that one of the pins had fallen out and it became unwearable.  very sad.
it was supposed to be red and instead it is orange
the leather is hard and very cheap looking.
i really loved it, but i only had a few months and it's already broken.. would appreciate a replacement.
it's o.k. - a little thicker than what i would have wanted
decent band for the price but it's not leather like it's supposed to be. will have to get a better quality one in the future.'
ended up causing a rash on my wrist.
loved it when i first received it. after two weeks it broke. i wouldn’t waste your money.
be careful!  band came apart less than 2 months after purchasing.
really enjoyed this until unfortunately one of the connectors broke.. cannot be fixed
was not the color i expected but it is okay.
watch strap looks nice. it broke after wearing it only a few times, but the seller sent me the replacement parts i needed to fix it. hopefully it lasts longer this time.
too thick, not flexible but looks good.
it was cute but it broke
this band broke at the hardware that connects to the watch.  don't buy this product...
i ordered a black band and the band that came is not black but gray.
oh i am so very disappointed.  i love giving great reviews but in this case i just can't do it.  i loved the way the leather looked.  it looks so classy.  but those connectors that connect the band to the watch are garbage.  they really are.  i took the band out of the case and tried to connect one of the bands to the watch and immediately a pin just fell out of the silver connector.  that pin is what locks the band into place.  i knew immediately that this product was probably well made for the leather but horribly made for the connectors.  had to send it back.  i really wanted to love this product but i don't want you buying something that i know is poorly made.  so i have to let you know.  i gave 2 stars just because of the leather.  oh and the leather is very stiff.  it is definitely not soft leather that relaxes around your wrist.  it's stiff.  it will take time of wearing it before it gets comfortable.  but my biggest problem are the connectors.  so badly made.
it was smaller than what the description said it would be.
item already broken when it arrived.
not leather
looks real good
comes loose on its own.
the pin doesn't reach the holes.
nice band but to small for my wrist. i can only use the fist 2 holes!!!
i liked it at first, but made a mistake by not reading the description -- it's made from genuine leather. can't stand to think about what animals have go through
i love the fit and look of this watch strap, and i received a ton of compliments on it. the big but is that last week one of the metal pieces holding the strap onto the watch fell apart into several pieces! right in the middle of the class i was teaching :(  i'm in the process of looking for a replacement but i really bummed - that strap was so me!
anytime i wear this it slides under my watch which locks it. it’s very annoying and became discolored after wearing it.
the leather strap is very nice, looks just as the picture. the reason why i am giving it a 2 star rating is becaus after 2 weeks of using it, one of the leather straps broke from the metal piece. i tried to get a replacement, but since this is an external seller, i was not able to. it is a shame since i really liked it.
arrived all scratched up. poor quality.
while the quality of the product was like the description, the watch band was much too long for me.  i would have to put in too many additional holes to make it work.  this is not real leather.
it's ok but i completely understand it's so so quality because it was super inexpensive.
i bought the dark brown croc pattern leather strap.  not as big as the m/l band that i like to wear that came with my 38 mm apple watch (white one), but it is just as big as a s/m that came with another set that i bought on amazon (tan one). i have a small wrist so i can put it on the 3rd hole with 5 to spare.  makes the watch look classy.
love the look, but the watch can't sit close enough to my skin so it doesn't work properly.  you can get in position initially but the second you move your wrist or hand it moves out of position and the watch thinks i took it off and locks it.  i could turn off that feature but that's not how i want to use my watch.
this band was very difficult to attach to my watch. finally got it on. the quality is not so great. looks and feels like cheap pleather. they can say genuine leather, but i'm not believing it. not worth more than $10.  i wanted black, but they didn't have black. so i had to order gray. the only real plus is that it fit my small wrist.
i’m a little disappointed with the quality of this band. i understand that given the price it’s not going to be super high quality leather, but their pictures are a little misleading. their picture also indicates the browness color is sort of a blackish brown, but it’s more like a dark taupe/brown. i’m hoping the material (i’m not even sure it’s genuine leather?) will wear well and achieve that worn-in leather look that i was hoping for. as i hate the silicone band that came with the apple watch, this is better than nothing, but i wouldn’t recommend it to a friend. on the plus side, i do like the double tour look; it’s a fun alternative to the traditional watch strap.
i wore this maybe 2-3 days out of each week. i got it bout 4.5 months ago. yesterday i was preparing a sandwich and it just came off. fortunately i felt it and caught it before my watch hit the floor. the rod holding the band was what broke. i would hope a band like this would at least last a year.
the band is nice, but it’s not a good fit.  when i slide it on, it did not fill to the edges.  it looks like its a make shift one.  it looks like i using something that was not intended for my watch.  so unfortunately, i will be gifting this to either my daughter or someone else. 😕. the leather is nice though.
i loved this band, but it keeps breaking! i loved the color and quality of it, but it keeps coming apart where the band connects to the watch - as seen in the photos i posted. i've almost lost my watch twice because of it. it will all the sudden just fall off my wrist. i was able to fix it once before but this time one of the screws came out as well, so it's not fixable. i'm so bummed because i loved this watch band! it was perfect for my small wrist and such wonderful quality otherwise!
was great for 5 months but a screw fell out and it broke :(
so i wore this band a few times, but it actually fell apart in my hands when i went to charge the watch one evening. i’m grateful that it didn’t come apart as i was wearing it, and cause me to lose the watch, but i had hoped for a slightly better quality.
stitching by the buckle scratches the inside of my wrist so i slid the watch head to the inside of the wrist and have the buckle facing out.  leather has yet to soften up even after daily wearing.  works well with apple watch.  seems of decent quality just wish the leather would soften up and not be so stiff.
i've been wanting a new band for awhile now and this looked like a good buy. product looks fashionable but doesn't look like real leather which is a concern. comfortable and sturdy enough for me to feel safe wearing the apple watch. definitely makes it feel like a old fashion watch.
the color is beautiful as is the texture. the reason i only gave it 3 stars is because the band is very stiff and short. it is hard to close because it barely fits around my wrist.
i like the color and leather.  the band is still however, too long for my wrist, even though i ordered the 38mm.  looks awkward with the band wrapped twice around your wrist and it is still too big.
i love the look of this watchband; however, it wasn’t as long as i had anticipated, so i don’t use it much. maybe get a bigger size or a different brand if you have larger wrists.
i have purchased this same watch band twice in the past and it was a nice quality leather, but the latest one in brown looks like vinyl.
i don't care for how it looks.  in fact, i have not used it, so i cannot tell about the quality other than it looks better online than in person.  i should have purchased a different color.
it wont fit my wrist size (i use a m/l apple watch sportband). not even in the last hole. besides that, the materials are fine and looks a little sturdy.
very nice and i loved it while it lasted.... the screw came loose and i lost the pin i didn’t noticed it right away so there is no fixing it sent it back and got my refund immediately!
bought this for my wife as a christmas gift and she has loved it. one major issue is the screws that secure the band to the watch keep coming loose and the band falls off. easy enough to fix but definitely an annoyance.
over nice. but the strap was a little stiff after a few weeks of trying to break it in.
this band feels a little awkward on but it’s beautiful. it’s a little off for everyday use. it would be ok occasionally.
the band itself does its job. didn’t have a problem putting it together, and i loved the color. however i have had it for about two months now and the band is discoloring now, would give five star - but wasn’t expecting the discoloration to occur this quickly.
i'm so sad of what i purchased and yes it's expensive and not worth to pay for more dollars. not comfortable to wear. i suppose to return but the i already throw the box :(
it looks great and smells like real leather but i feel like its to small. i have a small wrist and i have to use the last hole in the band which still fits me pretty snug. i wish they made it a bit longer but it does look great.
the band is exactly as it appears and it was great, however; the clasp has already fallen apart within three weeks of receiving and wearing it.  it seems to be an issue with a screw coming loose (which is now long gone) so hopefully it can be repaired easily.  still a bummer that it fell apart so quickly.
my sister has a band just like this one and it is really cute, however it is super uncomfortable.  the band was tight for my larger wrists and i felt that it was a bit constricting.
i liked the watch band before the clasp connecting the watch to the band broke in less than 6 months.
cute and easy to put on, however after wearing for only 2 weeks it's worn in some spots
fair!
color is not as shown in the photo, not even close! it is definitely not turquoise!
now after 2 months the watch band end screws fell out.  grrr
band lasted about a year and is now showing wear. very pretty and while it lasted
not as good of quality as i expected but still nice. maybe if it were a little cheaper i'd be more happy with it.
okay
kinda cheap and doesn't have a good fit. but i like the brown.
i loved this and got so many compliments but it broke after about 2 months. the metal piece that latches to the watch fell apart.
i wanted to love this band so much but a screw came out of the band after a week of wear.
nice leather but too small. only on second hole and i'm a thin guy.
good quality band but definitely not for you if you have small wrists. i made extra holes with a 3mm drill bit, so it works, but i would have preferred to not have to do that.
i have this in brown and it's fine. the black, however, broke after less than 2 weeks. i could repair but missing screw.
i bought black and brown straps.  they fit well and look good.  oddly, the black one had a very strong chemically odor that, after several weeks, is still detectable.  the brown one has no odor.
the band looked nice and it fit the watch perfectly. sadly it was not large enough to fit my wrist properly. i will be returning this item.
very very very short!  i have larger wrists, that’s fine, but my friend with tiny wrists still couldn’t wear it.
this is what i wanted but it's a little stiff and i thought it would soften up but so far it hasn't
this band looks really cute in the picture, but it looks pretty awkward on my arm.  i would return it if i could.
doesn’t age well, starts to crinkle and look cheap after wearing it a few times.
leather poor quality. stiff.
it's meh... looks different, not necessarily good.
not sure if the band i received was faulty or not. wasn't right for me.
band is very stiff and eels more like cardboard. i have bought other colors from a different company for the same price and they were much better quality
nice looking but small i'm on the last hole but still tight!!
it’s really huge on my small wrist. even on the last hole, it’s still an inch too big.
the buckle gets snagged pretty much on everything.
doesn't lay properly so the watch is your skin. it looks cute though
ordered wrong color - thought it was black
the band is very well made and sturdy. the color is a very unique and flattering reddish-brown that looks very rich, and the pretty stitching makes it look way more expensive than it is.
i wanted to like this watch band really bad. love the style and color and it's good quality but.......i'm pretty sure it drains my battery when i wear it. reason: i have to wear it on the first hole which is really too loose but the second hole is way tight. the band slides around all day making it not stay flush on my wrist. i've had no battery issues until i started wearing this band.
not happy with the  claps catches on clothing
i don't like the quality of this band. more plastic feel than leather feel.
i didn't like it!!!
i love this band & the color!  my only negative, which is a big one, is i’ve worn it less than a week & twice the pins that hold the band onto the watch have loosened to the point of falling out & i’ve lost both screws - one of those times, i almost ended up losing the watch because the band came off while i was taking off my coat.  apparently they know this is an issue because the watch comes with a small screwdriver & 3 extra pins of which i now only have 1.  i’m not beating up the band so i’m not sure why this keeps happening.  quite disappointing.
i waited for at least a weeks worth of wearing this band. shipping came in a timely manner, did not take long. now about the band, it is very uncomfortable to wear. i thought after a week or so it wouldn’t loosen up like previous reviews over read. however, it sits tight on my wrist bone. after a few hours of wearing it throughout the day my wrist actually hurts.
way too big.  my wrist is 5.75 and this does not fit me.  by my measurements, this would best fit someone with a 6.5" to 8" wrist.  end to end including apple watch, it's about 17.5" long.
unfortunately i’m disappointed with my watch strap... the coloring of the leather is peeling off. i’m so bummed. it looked like a good quality watch band.
i really love the color, the durability and all around look of this band but, the fit is more suited to smaller wrists. if you don’t have a small wrist, the watch gets twisted up and is not level with your wrist and you are constantly having to unlock your watch and it doesn’t get accurate readings. very irritating.
i like it but the strap is annoying at times. the leather gets warm where it sits.
this was to be the replacement to a similar leather band i had for over two years. the leather quality was great but after 2.5 months, the pin worked itself loose and nearly fell off. i tightened it back up hoping it was fixed but that same weekend, i nearly lost my watch when the strap fell off due to the pin falling out.
i loved the look of this band as i had seen it worn by others. i purchased my own and wore it only a few times before it broke. of course i was out of warranty so i didn’t purchase another. so i’m stuck with a broken band that i adored!
looks great, but after a handful of times wearing it one of the peices that holds the leather strap into the slide part that slides into the watch broke. of course it’s barely outside the return window. meh. too bad because it was cute....
after wearing for a few times, the color on the leather started to wear off. not worth the purchase.
i love the look of this band but when i am wearing it, the back of the watch (where much the biometric sensors are) sits on the leather instead of making contact with my skin. if stuff like heart rate and temperature are the reason you are wearing the watch, this might not be the best option.
looks 8 quality 3. and it's staying in the box, would not trust it to hold a $600 watch. the leather is of perhaps the poorest quality i've ever felt.  pleather would fill better.  it's so thin i thought perphad it was a something in the box to add protection to the real band. man was i wrong.  it's sad as it has a good design but the leather is so thin and just cheap.  you get what you pay for i guess so i'm not knocking them for it after all it was extremely cheap. but cheap or not it should safely serve its design and this one falls short.
this does not look, feel or smell like leather. debating returning it but none of the ‘return reasons’ listed apply to me...like why isn’t one of the options ‘changed mind’ or ‘dissatisfied with quality’? i don’t want to choose something if it doesn’t represent my real reason for returning. it’s annoying.  update:  decided to return the watch band...that is until i saw it would cost me $5.99 to do so.  ugh.  shame on me for not checking on the return policy before ordering.  i always try to order items with free returns, just in case.  stuck with a band i probably won't wear.
i really like the look of this band and i feel the quality is pretty good.  it is a different look compared to the regular other bands and i like something different.  the reason i gave it 3 stars instead of 5 is due to the fact that it doesn't make contact with my arm.  since it isn't making contact, my apple watch is constantly locking back up and i have to unlock it.  this kind of defeats the purpose of the apple watch in being able to view messages, etc.
i really wanted to like this watch band. the material is pretty good quality. the fit isn’t good at all. i was hoping that by wrapping the band around my wrist twice would make it snug enough to not move around- but it shifts just enough that the extra band ends up under the watch, the sensor loses contact with my skin, and i have to keep re-entering my password. i’ve missed a lot of notifications. wish i could send it back.
it's questionable if this is actually leather - feels like plastic to me.  but the biggest problem i have is the metal bar that is supposed to go into the hole in the watchband - its too small to be effective and will not go in if you are trying to put the band on yourself.  it has a sliding safety so its at least wearable but it's certainly not a good buy, and it's not leather
the band is nice. however it's a bit orangey for my taste. the package was supposed to come with a screwdriver but i didn't see it in the box. i bought the valkit band as well and tho i prefer the color of that band more, i like the placement of the holes on the v-moro band better. it can fit smaller wrists much better.
super trendy and cute, however lasted about 2 weeks before the pins completely came out and my watch slid off my wrist. i am so happy my watch didn't shatter as i was sitting down and it fell in my lap. definitely recommend something of higher quality for such an expensive watch. not impressed.
needs to be a softer leather. cute on, but kept lifting the face of the watch off my skin, then i’d have to re-enter the passcode every time. cute for looks, not so much functionality
just okay! i like the look of this band but the function does not work for me. the band continually twists around my wrist breaking the connection so i am constantly entering my passcode. i have very skinny wrists so maybe it works better if you have larger wrists. also, the leather is quite thin and feels cheap.
this band is just okay.  while it has the design i was looking for, the material of the leather is mediocre.  i can't get it on my wrist tight enough for the watch to know it's on my wrist.  i have to put my passcode in all the time because the actual watch does not rest on my wrist.
i just got this today. i love the look of it but it’s small. i thought since i ordered as a large it would fit. hopefully it’ll stretch out...
looks nice but ..... in my arm at least moves too much and since i can’t get to flush on my wrist , my heart rate or moves work out of the day does not get register ...
i purchased this item the end february and by may i was online shopping for a replacement because the entire bucket came off as i was attempting to put it on. this wasn’t a band i would on a daily basis. i’d only wear it when i would wear black. because if this review they gave me a full refund. for that i’m thankful!
really wasnt impressed with this. i have pretty small wrists and still the strap was tight while in the last hole. i felt like it squeezed my wrist and just looked awkward. i'll stick with my rubber straps for now.
great if you have a wrist that is much smaller than average.  i have a completely average sized wrist, and this band didn't even come close to fitting.
it's a nice band...very stylish, i have the same concerns as some other reviewers, the band is not as secure as the sport band so it does slide underneath the watch face which causes it to loose contact with the skin and my watch will lock causing me not to receive notifications, the watch face does not rest flush up agains the skin due to the way the band wraps..etc. also, i am a lefty so my watch is worn the opposite way from the typical right handed person, in order for my band to fit correctly without it rubbing against the home button, i had to reverse the wrap on the band so it is on the opposite side of the face, otherwise it will pull up my contacts as if i am about to make a call...it would be nice if this band came with a little insert to show examples of how to wear it and more specific wrist sizes that it will be best fitted for. it definitely gives you the look of the expensive hermes watch band, but also makes me wonder if the expensive one has the same issues with the fitting.. if you are looking for a way to change up your look, i say it is a great buy, my three star rating is due to the sliding of the band and lost of skin contact, i would like to wear this everyday and that was my purpose of purchasing it, but i have missed several notifications due to the fit not sitting flush agains the wrist which i feel is extremely important to those who constantly receive important notifications throughout the day....we will see how the leather holds up after a couple of weeks...will update my review if necessary, i may try another seller, just to see if there is a difference in quality and how the band is made.
wasn’t ton impressed. the size was to small and it didn’t fit my wrist properly. i got the right size but it runs a bit small. it’s great for those that have small wrists.
very fast shipping but i'm confused by the clasp.  it doesn't sit flat and is getting caught.  not sure why they wouldn't have used a single clasp.  not sure i will keep it.  other than that it is true to fit and looks very nice when on.  just not happy with the closure on it.
i received my band today, i was so excited because so many of the reviews were so positive & said such great things about the leather quality. i’m not sure what leather that looks & feels like this is quality? i’m pretty disappointed, it feels and looks like thin pleather, nothing like high quality leather.
i ordered the extra long version of this band hoping that it would fit loosely, but it was too small for me to even close - i wear a 7" bracelet. the quality was good though, just a bit small for an "extra long" length.
love the band style, looks very nice. the watch keeps sliding over the wrapped part of the band locking the watch.  have tried several was of wrapping the band, but still have the same problem.  would love suggestions.
although the band was way too small/tight on the wrist! it is not comfortable and not flexible at all v-moro was kind enough to respond to my concerns. their customer service is wonderful!
the quality is really great for the price.  however, the size is smaller and really meant for women.  i'm a man with a smallish size wrist so i am able to wear it.  i would love for the manufacturer to make a strap more in the 8 inch area to accommodate a man's wrist better.
i have a smal wrist and this band was to big. the leather is amazing though and the look of it is pretty amazing.
update 1/16/18:  clasp broke on the cuff.  this band made it a little over a year.  i wear my watch about two or three times a week, so i’d say that this band got minimal use in one year.
loves this at first, after a few wears a screw fell out and couldn't be fixed, even with the extra screw and the included mini screw driver. it looks identical to the hermes band, worth the $20 i guess.
the band feels a bit like plastic. the watch doesn't stay close to my wrist so it locks all the time and i don't get notifications. i have it buckled properly and fitted but it doesn't stay put.
don’t waste your money. this thing stained my arm every time i wore it. gross.
thinner than expected.  the screws came loose, and things fell apart hours within receiving it.  while putting it back together, the pin on the buckle popped out.  i don't trust that this will hold up for long.
i love the band but it's too tight. i have pretty average sized wrists and the loosest hole is still tight.
the leather band quality is extremely poor. it cracks and gave me a rash on my wrist. i recommend spending a little more money for a better watch band.
it looks nice but it keep sliding under the sensor and i had to keep unlocking my watch. the band buckle tongue is too short to lock  using the correct fastener, i had to use the 2nd one. (maybe that the 2nd option that came with the watch band)
nice but not real comfortable. i took the straps apart and just used the smaller pieces. i liked that better
this was way to big for my wrist, had to return.
the wrapped around band kept sliding under my watch and bunching. uncomfortable and not the look i was going for.
cheap looking - i returned this item
way too big for me so i returned it.
i would give this a four star rating, but i have had the band a little over a month and last night the metal piece holding the watch connector to the watch band broke. i recommend using a different band manufacturer.
problem with this is that you need to keep it tight on your wrist  to keep contact with the watch. i constantly had to put in my pin....annoying .
a bit bulky and doesn't fit right
the band is too long. i have a 42mm apple watch for the larger face but am a petite build (5'3"). the band is so long around my wrist it covers the face up. would like an option for those with smaller wrists.
although it was a nice color, it appeared to be of cheap quality. i actually returned it. sorry.
this product is cheap quality and it barely holds the watch in place. it is not a cute wrap around bracelet like it is pictured.
a very nice product but it did not fit my wrist i returned it without any problems
not as easy as the picture and does not look so cool as the picture but is no that bad for the price
broke after a few months.
just “meh”. i guess it does what it’s supposed to be very misleading. it’s way too bulky for a girl. will be returning. nice color though!!
leather was a little stiff and didn't wrap around my wrist easily/nicely.
the stitching was rather irritating
cheap quality and doesn't look good
the material does not look like leather.  as others have stated, there is an issue with keeping the watch fastened.
i like the band, it just a little too small for my wrist.
not quite what i expected, but it's okay.
look nice but leather is on the weak side
excellent quality, so far seems very durable, a great value. vendor also provides excellent support.  checks in regularly with me and addresses issues timely.
beautiful strap with great reviews, but it's not functional seeing as there aren't any holes punched in the band.
it’s too stiff. wouldn’t lay right. sorry i need to return it
watch band too long, much longer than the same size in the brown color.  returning this item.
it is a shade darker than the picture and they took out the adapter that helps attach it!
not real leather.  made in china processed plastic, rubber.
product felt great, but had some visible imperfections that i was willing to live with. overall have to return it-- unless you have that wrists of an elementary school child, this will not fit comfortably.
the pin in the band was broken, and even on largest  setting was entirely too small, and i have very small writs.. i think only a child could wear this
took to long to receive the product and was not easily tracked. the quality is not worth the price. but it does look ok.
it was a short band or there were too many buckle holes. the hole showed on my wrist on the top
looks nice, but would slide under the watch.....
well, you get what you pay for. it was great for what i payed for....
it's okay.  it's supposed to be leather, but that's questionable.
i liked the band and the color.......but way too small. so disappointing.
fits a little lose for smaller wrists.
i received a lot of compliments on the band, however, the metal clasp broke within 3 weeks of regular wear and i had to replace it.
very small
it fits a little snug, but it did stretch out a bit after time.
it's a little hard to fasten and awkward on wrist.
to big & awkward to put on!
not leather, made of plastic
hard and stiff... you may achieve the look but comfort is not there.... so it's on personal preference. i'm definitely more both comfort and looks!
the leather isn't very high quality, in fact it feels more like layers of paper bonded together, and the metal hardware is very cheap feeling, however, i pulled out the strap and put the cuff on my sport band and its great. which is what i'd advise anyone ordering to do. the sport band is much better for daily removal and charging than the leather that comes with this. and it takes some trying, but worth it.
too small
i liked the product - it fit my wrist and looked nice. however, the band did not even last 2 months before it broke. the metal attachment that slides into the watch itself broke so now the band is not usable. i know this was not a premium product based on the price but i did expect it to last a lot longer than it did.
personally, this was a waste of money for me.  the band came and the pin used for band placement couldn't be used until i made the hole bigger.  also, the "leather" cracked on the band almost immediately.  i won't be buying another one of these.  it looked super cute, but it's not been something that held up to the pictures.
its decent....your watch will move around on your wrist though. doesn't fit that well but for the price its "alright"
it was too big even though i ordered the smallest size. the quality appeared to be good
band didn't feel high-quality, and the band length was not long enough for medium to large wrists.
great band, depending...
i received this a couple of days ago. i was really pleased with the quality for $23. i wore it for 5 hrs while shopping. when i got home i noticed the leather started to wear already. i'm assuming it's from putting my shopping bags over my wrist and they rubbed up against the band or the pressure from the bags out weight on the watch which wore down the band. that sucks since i only wore it once. if you purchase this i would suggest not putting any shopping bags over your wrist or any pressure on the band. also, the band fits me almost perfect, but with the band on the 2nd to last hole and my wrist is only 6 inches. idk what ppl with 8 in wrists or bigger do.
i loved this because i was looking for a knock off of the very expensive hermès band.  this fit the bill and i got a lot of compliments.  i bought this in september, but it just broke the other day in a way i can’t fix.  it’s a shame because i loved it and wasn’t hard on it at all.  so i’ll probably purchase again but not from the same company.
nice band and it is just like the picture. unfortunately it is really uncomfortable. i was hoping the longer i wore it that i would just get use to it. two weeks later still uncomfortable. i was so wishing it would work because i love the style. i will still wear it on occasion because it is a nice looking band but it won’t be my every day band. easy enough to change the band.
not expecting too quality leather at this price.  but also expected the band would look like it did on the picture. the band is a flat brown, no sheen or flexibility. it's a fine band to wear for everyday without worrying about damaging it. looks better than the apple cloth band. here are pictures of the band crackling after one day of use.
looks like the “real” one.  fit easily on a gen 1 42mm watch.  based on the size, it’s meant for children.
i returned because my apple watch wasn't registering that it was on my wrist because the back on this is too thick. however, i have very small wrists so that might be the cause. 3 stars because the return was easy :)
it's not great quality, but i decided to keep it for a costume look alike.
this band is just okay.  i had to fight to get it to fit my apple watch - it did not want to slide in place like all my other bands.  also, the bands are a bit wide and it looks very masculine on my wrist.  i will probably not buy again.
i don't know what i expected for $18, but this band was pretty disappointing. the band stretches all day long so you keep having to tighten it. the band turned my wrist yellow. i don't even think its real leather. save your money.
looked cute but it felt cheap and the clip did not lock securely in the watch. i retuned it.
love the look.  good quality piece, but the apple watch rolls around on my wrist and keeps requiring me to sign back into the watch.
the color is not the same in person.  it's off by a few shades but its as good as it gets for $20.
fits nicely and looks decent from far away, but it is very cheap material. the "leather" is very plastic-y, and the "metal" clasp is also plastic. i'm slightly scared to wear it for fear that it will break and my watch will fall.
while this band fits small wrists properly, it makes the watch sit "hovering" above your wrist if your wrists width is too small, preventing activity tracking functions from working.
this was took large for my wrist, even after measuring my wrist per the given dimensions.  the 'leather' was not the best of quality and felt very thin. i had to return this one.
don't expect it to be like leather at all.  it is more like a thick cardboard paper consistency.  not a very good quality at all.  very disappointed considering some feedback i had seen on this band.
pretty but stiff and slightly uncomfortable.
love the way the band looks but twice now when i sweat or the band gets wet i seem to have a orange ring around my wrist. that doesn't look pretty.
i like the look of the band, but i have to change it if i'm engaged in any physical activity at all.  the band bleeds and turn my wrist orange. not great quality.
loved the design and style but was too small even on the largest setting.
the wrap band is definitely a great look, but the closure design on the band needs work. the clasp for closure is too short to fit any of the holes well on the band to meet at the clasp and stay flush. it makes it a little tricky to put on with one hand, but it does close and stays out once it's on the wrist. lots of compliments!
bought as a gift for my wife but she found it uncomfortable to wear. for to the wrap if the band the watch doesn't lay flat making getting her heart rate while working out difficult.
returned...ithere was nothing wrong with the band. i just didn't like the band.
looks as good as the original but the build quality is not good.  the first day my wife wore it the lugs fell off and she almost lost the watch.  luckily we had an extra set and was able to repair it.  she gets complimented all the time.  just improve the build quality.
not a good look, band is cheaply made, stitching near clasp irritates forearm.
was hoping for something better.
looks cheap
waaay too small, very tight on the wrist.
it got here on time but it was just okay.  i was hoping for a better quality and color but it didn't look as expected but looked very cheap, so i gave it to my mom.
this just didn't look as cute as i thought it would.
i actually really liked the band. i felt cheaper than the one i saw someone else wearing when i bought it, but wore it daily for about a month and got a lot of compliments. then it broke out of nowhere.
would be a nice band if the buckle didn't consistently snap off. garbage.
the band is nice... the quality of the leather is lackluster in my opinion. i have gotten compliments on the band but its just okay
too big and bulky to ever wear. nice color but tough leather that does not bend well.
ended up returning this item because it looks very inexpensive.
i like the concept, but it does not look like leather at all
it was okay. just not for me. the style was not comfortable on my wrist.
watch band is nice but the leather is very stiff.
leather dye came off after getting slightly wet :(
not meant for larger wrists.  looks less cheap in the picture.
beautiful. slightly stiff for wrapping around. wished the closure was a little nicer.
love this band except only one side clicks in to my apple watch... the other side won't fully click and slides out.
quality is low. smaller than expected.
very small
it's not really extra long......
i see other users with holes in their bands. are you supposed to make your own?  three stars for a faulty product.  it's a shame the double loop one came like this. i should have just waited for the black cuff band or gone with another seller
the band fell apart while attempting to install on watch
i'm a little disappointed. the band itself looks great. but if the watch moves around - and it does - the sensor loses contact with the skin & any running apps stop. i use the heart rate monitor most often & it's really frustrating to discover that it's stopped mid-training session. the band also doesn't reach the tine in the first slot so you have to put it through the second one, which makes the buckle stick out a little.
not very comfortable
i bought two of these: one brown and one blue. both of them are defective by design. the clasp's pin is unimaginably short and i cannot get it to go through the hole while i have it on my wrist. i am returning them for that reason, but hopefully this will help other's to skip this item.
color isn't great. looks a little cheaper than i thought it would. the double wrap is cute but wish the color was a little deeper camel color.
small
feels cheap but looks okay. fits into the apple watch well though and feels secure.
the watch strap is soft and comfortable but it’s slides and twist around.
the leather was very thin and cheap. it wasn't soft. it looks plastic-y and was hard to wrap it around twice. the watch face wouldn't lay flat on my wrist.
hard to keep watch face in place and i can never seem to get it on like it’s shown. very cute for the price though.
the delivery was a little compromised due to fedex but the product arrived on time. i think the concept was amazing. the watch band it self looks cute if you can wear it with out the face of the watch rolling all around your wrist from the band being so long. the price was decent and i’m sure i will wear the watch band because i’ve never seen anyone with anything even similar to it.
the watch band is comfortable, decent quality at an affordable price.
my hands usually sweat a lot so i can only wear silicone bands with my apple watch. i have the apple watch series 3 nike edition with black bands, but i wanna buy couple more different band colors to change frequently. the original bands that sold in apple store is somehow pricy so i hoped i could find a better appropriate choice on amazon. i decided to try this one, but totally disappointed. the bands weren’t completely fit in with the apple watch. plus, the silicone bands suppose to be waterproof. it does the function as being waterproof. however, it made my skin itchy and left red marks on my skin under the area i wore the bands. i thought it was because of the bands. i changed it back to the original nike bands. now the itchiness is gone. i don’t recommend it if you have sensitive skin like me.
it was falling apart before i even opened the package (see image).  and once i opened the package another one of these pieces came off within minutes.  perhaps i just got a bad one?  also, and this is more minor, some of the black part of the band has a couple of spots where white glue or silicone got on it.  i am not impressed.
bought this for my wife to use on her watch during exercise.  quality isn't bad, but finish is not the quality of others i've seen.  it doesn't look sporty, it looks like it's made for an elementary school girl.  it's too late to return since i'd waited to supply it with the watch as a gift.  it will be given away or thrown away.
band looks good, and that’s the main reason why i’m giving it a two stars. in regards to the dependability of the band, i wouldn’t trust it. doesn’t stay clasped to the watch. not secure like original band. be careful, this watch is far to expensive to have it fall off from the clasps while wearing.
the band itself looks good and quality seems good as well.  the clasp however broke on me before i even had a chance to wear it.  doesn’t seem like one of the most i mportant pieces to hold this on your wrist is built well.  be careful to not lose your watch if you get this.
the metal piece on this band gives me a terrible rash. i worn metal bracelets most of my life with no issues but this small piece is obviously not meant to be touching skin.
the color is not navy blue, it’s a dark lavender. that’s a disappointment. other than that the band is good. little lighter quality than the original nike band. but i guess i will have to find another true navy band. it is not the band in the pic.
quality of the product is not so great but then again you get what you pay for. brought a 6pk, liked only 3 colors though.... the latch mechanism doesn't seem secure to me, it holds well but there is this constant fear that it'll come off and i'll drop the watch <shrug>
it was too cheap, the material wasn’t good and it looked to be more of an ashy black and not dark enough. it hurt my wrist because it was either too tight or too lose. also the apple watch itself was too heavy for the band
it can't replace the original. the plastic feels lighter than the original version but if you'll be using it with other bands anyway it should be ok. the plastic really feels light and flimsy so be careful with it.
looks cheap - nothing at all like the 'real; nike sportband.
no issues with the functionality or design however my metal clasp rusted after a mere few weeks of wear. i’ve never submerged it in water but use this particular band when i workout. i generally wipe it down immediately to remove the sweat but it seems that the damage was already done. guess you get what you pay for.
i think that the quality and colors of the bands are great. however, i ordered a 42 mm and received a 32mm band instead. now this happening normally wouldn't be that big of a deal although it happened twice. i reordered the same exact band, size and color, and still didn't get the right size. frustrating for sure.
now i know the difference between non apple wristband and apple wristband.  it has no magnetic button that is difficult to put it on.  it takes a while to build a skill to clasp the wristband without magnetic button.  other than that, it’s comfortable and wearable.
worth the money.  it isn’t as durable as the apple band that comes with the watch. but cool to change out and match outfits. i’ve had it on for 3 weeks and hasn’t broke. but just don’t seem as durable as the original.
loved it until it broke.
larger than apple bands. didn’t fit well.
you get what you pay for. this band is very soft but not as the original band from apple. but then again those costs like $50. water flows through this band so faster and only leave some water residue on the band.
the band fits well enough and seems to be decent quality, but the band pictured was listed as black and the photo clearly shows a black band. the band i received is actually more of a grey color and definitely not black.
it fits well. it says midnight blue, but this is definitely much lighter than what i was expecting. also, there were some small cuts in some of the holes like the ones in the picture.
i love the colors of this band but the fit to my watch wasn’t that great. it wiggled too much too. made me feel like my watch wasn’t secure. sadly not happy and haven’t used it anymore.
it works but it’s definitely a cheaper and flimsier than the real apple sport bands.
these bands come undone very easily, i cannot trust that it will stay on.
la calidad pobre
did not fit apple watch it was made for
it was good, until the little metal clamp or whatever it is started to rust from my sweat
band seems to be well constructed with no issues related to fitment, however it is not true red as others have stated. seems closer to orange.
the band itself looks nice, but the quality of the connection is lacking.  it will not stay “locked” in place and as even fell off due to it slipping out of the watch face.
i have the stainless steel 42mm and the band is very flimsy but gets the job done. a little thinner than the nike watch band but we pay what we get for.
the band is flexible but one of the metal pieces that actually slide into where the band sits on the watch is broken so i cant really use this band.
it snaps but it still slides. not sure if i got a faulty one.
good band but bright green seems a little dull
wasn’t as large as i thought it would be. xlarge wrist and it’s on the first slot. so not much to adjust
good, inexpensive apple watch band for working out/gym/etc.
this is an ok substitute to the apple version. much cheaper but you pay for what you get.
exact style i was looking for but the band doesn't stay clasped, almost like the holes are too big.
i had this watch band for about a week. i loved it until it broke :(
wasn’t exactly the color on the picture, i ended up giving to my boss.
se siente como una correa barata y de poca calidad
just a little too thin.
band was really thin and not durable.
nice band but i wasn't expecting obsidian to be blue.
okay
i'll get right to it this watch band is not white. it's a lot closer to a cream or even maybe beige. it wasn't expensive so i'm gonna keep it anyway, but just be warned it is no bright white like the picture shows. quality wise it's okay. the little stud is just a hair too short so it pops out of place a lot. really though for the price i wasn't expecting too much anyway.
it doesn’t lock into place well. it’s annoying a lil but not a disaster of a problem. i have had the band detach or anything but the click of the apple brand band is reassuring and nice. that’s my only gripe other then that the band is comfy and breathing well. i liked my band!!!
i love the style and how it is ventilated for me to workout.  the main con is the metal clasp does not stay in place so i am afraid to wear it as i am afraid to lose it.  i'm not sure if i have a defective one or if this is a design flaw.  i really want to keep this but i may have to look for another one that is made by someone else due to the quality
its a good band. what i don’t like is the fitment to the watch. it looks like it’s going to pull out of the watch. there are gaps on all 4 corners and i don’t want it to fall off my wrist. its a 400$ watch. i also know it’s a 10$ band so i got what i paid for.
love it!!! but i bought the 38mm large and with it being on the last hole, it’s a little snug. but like how the band itself is more narrowed than most.
s/m is to small mean  too short band maybe is need it right size maybe m/l is it a little no enough wide.
good band i like it i recommend it thanks
doesn’t seem like it will hold the watch, afraid it will snap off and i will lose apple watch.
used my watch band as everyday band and like the way it fits and feels. i did find that was rusting under snap seams to be coming apart.
kind of flimsy
length is too short, not the same as apple ‘m/l’
one of the bands i received did not fix my watch
not anthracite! see pic, dark green in sunlight.
the band that i received is soft and works on my apple watch but is not what was pictured on amazon it has a different clasp system is hard to use.
compared to the band that came with my apple watch it it is lighter weight, but doesn't stay clasped as securely so you need to be careful when working out with it on as it could come off easily.
nice but a little thicker than a genuine apple band
the metal fell off after one wear but seller to very good care of me!
honestly, i paid $10 for this band because it was on sale. i’m not upset because well it was $10 but this band isn’t the best quality but again it was $10 so what can you expect. it looks like the $50 one but it’s no where near the quality or really look of it. it just looks cheap. i think for the price no one would really notice or care but that’s just me being ocd and picky.
this “red” band is more of burnt orange and not red at all. disappointed with the color but otherwise ok.
i liked it but it did not fit the apple watch properly, i bought the 42mm.
i have owned a real apple nike watch band and this is ok compared to the real thing. i knew what i was getting so i am ok with it. the silicone is not as nice and it is a little more difficult to get on the a real band. also, ascetically, the band looks a little different because the color in the holes shows more than a real band does. for the price though it is a good band for workouts or working in the yard.
band worked will for about a year. now one of the band pieces that slides into the apple watch is falling apart. expect about 1 year out of the band and it wil start to fall apart. i have used it often while working out.  i have been trying to find a way to contact the seller but don't see an option for that. my warrenty ends in less than a month.  pretty much screwed at this point.
liked this very much when i first received but got rusty after normal use.  washed and dried with towel after high energy work out. tried to write a review for the exact color i purchased (grey/white - refeived on june 1), but it was unavailable and it wouldn’t let me.
i really love the variety of colors offered in this package deal.  i did get one that is defective that i need to return as it will not slide on my watch. other than that for the money they are pretty nice quality.
love the colors! disappointed that the black band broke on my second use!
what a disappointment!  after owning 3 generations of apple watches and nearly always preferring an "aftermarket" silicone band, this is the first i have purchased that i disliked.  in appearance, it looks like an apple product.  the similarities end there.  this band is slightly thicker and definitely less pliable.  it is "off" so much so that it is difficult to put the watch on your wrist.  i thought after a few days, either i would become accustomed to the difference or it would become more pliable.  nope.  this morning was the last straw when i thought it was securely attached around my wrist and it popped, dropping to the carpet.  what if this had happened on tile floor or pavement?  throwing it in the garbage.
honestly, i paid $5 for this band because it was on sale. i’m not upset because well it was $5 but this band isn’t the best quality but again it was $5 so what can you expect. it looks like the $50 one but it’s no where near the quality or really look of it. it just looks cheap. i think for the price no one would really notice or care but that’s just me being ocd and picky.
poor quality rubber molding, showed gaps and thick flashing where rubber squeezed out during manufacturing.
feels as described, exact color as described as well. i thought the lavender color would be in the inside of the band. but not a big deal i like it i would purchase this item again.
inexpensive- feels soft & ok.
they are fine as disposable bands as i will beat them up work as a gc, but i would not recommend them or buy them again.
cheap quality
good
first of all, i love this band. it looks stylish. and it looks exactly like a bracelet. it's a nicely made band for sure.
this band is really the solution for me, for making the apple watch a daily wearable accessory without looking too stiff/tech heavy. it softens the look with some sparkle, as opposed to the sterile look of the standard apple band. i really do like it, but it's just not build for daily use. about a month in and my elastic bands are starting to fray. i'm not sure how much longer i'll be able to wear it before one of the straps goes, sending beads everywhere. also, i wish the the portion that attached to the watch was a bit more precisely connecting -- right now it's about a mm too long, hanging out past the edge of the watch.
it's very pretty and it fits the watch and my wrist well. i received lots of compliments. however after a few months of wearing the elastic threads are all breaking and i quit wearing it for fear the beads will soon come come apart and get lost as they are now being held together by only a few elastic threads.  i bought other bands from other companies and their elastic seems much sturdier. i am not happy with the quality of the elastic holding the beads and band together. all threads are breaking the longer i wear it. so therefore can't wear it anymore.
i've gotten so many compliments on this band and i love that i don't have to struggle trying to attach it to my wrist when i'm half asleep in the morning :).
this band is absolutely beautiful. the beads are high quality and i received a lot of compliments on it.unfortunately, be careful if you wear it every day. after my fifth day in a row of wearing it, the elastic snapped and beads went flying everywhere. i have small wrists and it fit perfectly  - a bit loose but i like it that way - taking it on and off seemed to really weaken the elastic band.
too small. no way to adjust, way too tight leaving indentions on wrist.  the little gemstones started falling out immediately, only few remain now.  i gave it to a friend, though and she loves it.  so that's great.  it is very cute. just wish i didn't have man-size wrists.  lol
it was such a lovely band, really pretty and easy to install (like all apple watch bands are) it fit a little snug but was still comfortable to wear since it’s an elastic band. after wearing it for about a week i noticed the large pink beads began peeling showing white. it looked tacky and cheap so i thought i would just peel all the pink off. it still looked nice but then the elastic began breaking on two of the strands. i only wore this a couple weeks. i guess if you only wear it now and again it would do, but not for everyday use. so disappointed!!
the watch was really pretty and after reading reviews i thought it would fit perfectly since many reviewers stated it ran too small.  i have very small wrists.  but when i received it and tried it on, the band was still too large for my wrist. i ended up having to return the item.
i love it. it fits perfect. it’s a strong stretchy band. i would suggest two different size bands though. only because one other review it fit one girl pretty big. this one guy me perfectly. i get complements on this every single day.
love it!! i love the different colors and it looks so classy!! fits perfect and i have received hundreds of compliments!
so pretty but so big! there is no adjustment on there even though it comes with a screwdriver. i wish i would be able to wear it!
if i could give this seller 6 stars i would. the quality of the band and detail is awesome. great add to the apple face.
i was so excited to find this and order it . once i received it and put it on my watch it was to big, i was soooo disappointed. i am the type of person that does not follow everyone else’s trends and this was one way to be different but i am not able to wear. crushed all my hopes and dreams.😢
this is really cute if your looking to add a bracelet type feel to your iwatch. it arrived on time and i was super excited to use it. craftsmanship is very well made, however i am going to give it 2 starts only because after a week it broke and i could not find a customer service number to reach the seller. i wish customer service would reach out to me so i can see how to fix or send out a new one
this is my updated review - 4/17/18—- if you wear the bracelet several times a week paint will start coming off the beads.  i purchased in january 2018 and 2 of the darker beads the paint is completely worn off and the beads are chalky white.  i’ve attempted to contact seller, no response.  you will get more ware out of the bracelet if you limit it to once or 2 times max a week.
i loved this band until now. i’ve had it for about 4 months and at month two it started fraying. now, the last row is completely stretched hanging on by literally one thread. i get compliments all the time but now can’t wear it anymore because it is about to pop. super disappointed :(
when i received this i was initially very pleased with it. within a week or so the strings began to pop. it made for a very frayed looking watch band. i really enjoyed this while it lasted but i stopped wearing it for fear of the strings eventually snapping and breaking my watch.
it’s very pretty. the bead that dangles fell off and elastic stretched out so it no longer fit. my watch kept turning and i had to switch back to my original band.
i may have larger wrists, but this was nowhere near fitting.  good return process, but the product seemed a little flimsy overall.
runs small, the beads are rough and hurt, i had to remove it after a couple of hours. got lots of compliments on it though
after wearing a while the strings on the inside of the watch band gets loose an fall apart ~ brought 2 they both did the same thing.
it’s very pretty but doesn’t hold the watch tight enough and i have to keep putting in my code.
i loved the look of this band. i loved that it had a watch clasp. the clasp came undone for no reason while walking, and my watch fell off. shattered my screen into pieces. i guess you get what you pay for. now i have to replace my iwatch.
love the flexible band and it’s stylish.
i was so excited for this! it is so cute, however the first time i used it and went to put it on my wrist one of the bands completely snapped and beads went everywhere! i can still wear it with 2 strands but it does look lopsided. disappointed, but it is a cute product
i like this bracelet a lot and have received tons of compliments however my only criticism is that this is a bit too big as my wrist is super tiny. i have to wear this practically to my forearm. not the best for small wrists.
this is garbage. it didn’t even last ten days without fraying. i was replacing one that looked the same but the pearl part of the beads had worn off. i was leaving on a trip, but ended up using the original and i’m still using it; whereas this july version can’t be used at all! they look the same, but way different in quality.
this is a beautiful band and fits my thin wrist perfectly.  however, after just a couple of weeks one of the elastic bands broke.  i have attempted to contact the seller with no response.  hope to get this resolved soon because i would love to wear my watch.
it’s beautiful!.... but too tight. i can’t wear it after a few minutes i can feel it cutting off my circulation.
loved this band upon arrival! unfortunately, the middle row of beads began peeling and then the elastic broke on the middle row...only wearing until i get a new band or until the remaining rows break...whichever comes first!
beautiful but too tight.  i have a small wrist and it was uncomfortable.
this runs really small. too small for my wrists. i was disappointed
i wear this band every day because i like it. i’m a school teacher so i don’t put a lot of stress and strain on this but after two months of weekday wear the band is starting to lose it’s elasticity and becoming frayed.
the bands are to tight! i know lots of people have bigger wrists but i don’t so how this thing is so tight is a bummer. i’ll try other kinds that have a little bit more room!
love it, just fits a little loose
de nuevo se ve muy lindo , pero después de usarlo varias veces , ya las piedritas se le  empezaron a caer
pretty and i get alot of compliments but only lasts about 3 months before it breaks apart. the part that connects to the watch started to erode and i had to go to the apple store to have them take it off as it had jammed.
i loved this band. so many compliments... and less than a week later, broke. not the band itself but the part where it hooks into the apple watch, stopped working and just wouldn’t stay in the watch clasp. sad, but you get what you pay for.
the material of the wrist band is more like rubber so after so many times of putting the watch on and taking it off the band broke.
it’s nice i haven’t used it yet as it arrived late for the event i was going to wear it to. there is a tool to adjust the size if needed.
even though it’s elastic, it’s still too big. i have to twist the strands to keep it from moving so much
loved the look of this watch band. i purchased it to wear to a wedding and it looked great with my dress. the only thing i wasn’t happy about was it made my skin turn green after only wearing it for a few hours. unfortunately i probably won’t wear it again because of this problem.
i loved the look and style of it!  in fact just as i was showing it off to my friend - snap - the outside elastic band broke and two beads bounced to the ground.  how embarrassing!  i would buy again if the bracelet could be strung with a better elastic or line.
this is a very cute band, but i found it to be constricting on my wrist.  it may fit someone better with smaller wrists.
as you can see from the photo below, this band is very poorly put together.  this is the second time i have worn it and obviously it will be the last.  unfortunately, my 30 day return window has expired.  since i do not wear this band very often i did not realize the poor quality until it was too late.
i really like this band, but it is too big for a person with a small wrist. i have to return it. i would love it if i can get a smaller band.
i bought this band in december 2017 after getting my apple watch. i loved it and it looked great, until i tried to put it on last week and one of the bands had unraveled completely. i didn't expect it to last forever, but i did expect it to last more than just a few months. disappointed.
i love the look but it fell apart in the first month. i got it on july 13. it fell apart 2 weeks ago, but we have been busy, so i did not think about sending it back until today, august 21. i just learned that there is only a 30 day window for a return.
the elastic string broke easily when i slipped through my hand to take off. the elastic string snapped the first time i used it to wear with my apple watch. a big waste of my money😬
i was looking forward to getting this band. it is not as shown in the picture, the colors are all grey (see my photo) but i do like it. i have a very small wrist and this (i have the 38 mm) does not fit tight for me as you can see. i do like the quality of it but decided to return it since the fit was too large. if you are getting this to wear daily and you have a small wrist like mine and want a tight fit, i would not recommend this band. i gave it 3 stars for quality and appearance and because the color of it is not as shown.
i loved the look of this watch band until it broke after just a few times of wearing it.
this is gorgeous, but the band is stretchy... i have small wrists, so the band did not fit my wrist at all.  it is gorgeous on, and i have received so many compliments for it, but if you have small wrists it will not stay... it just moves around like a loose bracelet would.
the one dangle bead fell off, but other than that it its fine.
pretty band, but too big for me.
fell apart almost immediately, not made for occasional use. very pretty though.
pretty. i got the wrong size. i need a small. & got sent a medium
this was really pretty, but i had to return it because it was to tight for my wrist.
runs small
i think it’s gorgeous, and i love it so much but it was too loose on my small wrists, and it broke apart as i was taking it off 2 weeks after i got it. :( i wish there was a way to tighten it.
wore it one day and i’m missing 4 rhinestones already. it’s beautiful just disappointed about the rhinestones.
pretty but it was too big for my wrists.
i love the band and would have rated it a 5, however it's a little lose on my wrist and the band size does not fit my watch correctly.  i think it's meant to fit a series 2 and not the series 1... and that is disappointing.
it's nice, and i liked it, but some of the jewelry pieces have color coming off so i can't wear it any more. looks nice when you first start wearing it, and then cheap. i wish different, non flaking jewelry pieces were used.
this does not fit my wrist correctly and there is no way to make it tighter/smaller. it does not give you a wrist size when purchased.
if you want something to last this isn’t it. it’s cute though but after a few times the paint on the pearls start to chip or wear off.
the band is nice, but it's for small girls.  it fits very thigh on me.
too large size for my hand. there's no way to adjust the size.
this watchband was very pretty however i am quite petite and the way band was much too large. unfortunately it is not adjustable so it just didn't work for me.
the watch band is very pretty and feminine and i loved it.  it was my favorite watch band.  however, the elastic string started unraveling yesterday and today it totally broke apart.  would like to order again but afraid i’ll have the same result.  super sad!
love the band but it hangs over the edges. like it is too wide for my watch. i have the apple 2 watch but it just seems too wide. absolutely love the band though.
it looks great but it broke too soon after i bought it :(
runs small and is very difficult to attach i’m basically stuck with it because it’s to late to exchange. i really did not think it was worth the money
too small for my wrist
waited almost 2 weeks for delivery.  loved this band, received lots of compliments even from a few male co-workers that said they would buy it for their wife.  after wearing it for a few weeks the pin that holds the bling portion broke, disappointed for this reason.
doesn’t come small enough... adjusted like instructed. only lasted a couple of weeks before it broke.
this is very pretty unfortunately it does not fit the watch, where you slide into the grooves well it hangs out ,the corners do, so think twice about ordering one for the apple watch 38mm, it won’t fit.
its too big i wish there's much easy way to adjust it. i tried to adjust it myself but it didn't work out so i had to throw it away.
i received the black one instead of this color.
very pretty but too small
it's very pretty, but it broke soon after purchase.  the rubber bands that keep the beads together are not very strong.  :(
i looked at the reviews on this and decided to take my chances. i should have listened. only wore a few times and it started falling apart. plus it took like 2 months to receive it.  wouldn’t recommend it to anyone.
got this for my girlfriend. she really likes the look of it but unfortunately she has relatively small wrists so the band didn’t fit her. is there any way we can get a smaller band or something?
this is for extremely small wrists only in my opinion. i have a normal size wrist and this is tight on me. i would like to purchase a larger size if available the beading is very pretty.
i’ve been wanting this band for a while now.
this is a beautiful watch band but it is large and there is no way to adjust the straps.  i was really excited when i opened the box and saw how pretty this was only to be disappointed that it was too big to use.
love the way it looks but after wearing it to the office for two weeks, the elastic bands are breaking. they actually started breaking the first day i wore it.
love this but it is very small.. i prefer to have it fit loose, like a  bracelet  but this fits very tight..
it’s a nice bracelet but it says in the description that it is possible to tighten or loosen elastics and my wrist is basically swimming in this bracelet so i will be returning because it was false advertising and does not fit
this watch band is very beautiful however 2 weeks later it started to fall apart the bottom charm came off than one of the clear band had popped and it felt apart. the quality is horrible but it was pretty in person
wore it for less than one month , strap broke and i almost lost my apple watch, to bad it's a really pretty band i got a lot of compliments
only had it less than 3 months and it already broke. after 1 month some of the stones came out. i absolutely loved it though.
fit very tight/smaller size than expected.
it was cute and i was excited for it to come but i wore it for a little bit and it turned me green
it’s stretchy so you stretch it open to put your wrist in.  and worst of all, it turned my wrist green.
everyone thinks it’s ugly and old ladyish
watch band is a beautiful piece of jewelry but it’s not very sturdy. mine broke one week after return date.
i received great compliments on the band but in less than 3 months, one of the strings broke.
one of the 3 bands broke only a couple weeks after i got it and the color has worn off a few of the beads.
very pretty but breaks very quickly.
don’t buy this if you have tiny wrists. it doesn’t fit. other than that, it’s beautiful. i’m sad i have to send it back.
love the band but it  just a little to big for my wrist. it says it is adjustable but i can not find a way to adjust it and did not come with directions.
the threading came off the watch and broke, beads went flying everywhere so i can no longer wear it.
it broke the first time i put it on.
i have a smaller wrist, this was too big. i ended up returning it.
nice just not able to adjust it to my wrist size. my daughter loves it tho
the little hanging ball broke off the first time i worn it. it was my fault because i was doing something that was kind of rough.
bracelet broke within 2 weeks.
beautiful & confortable, but the straps frayed/broke within the 1st 3 weeks of wearing it. it would be a great product, if it didn’t fall apart so quickly.
it’s really beautiful but it broke within a few hours of me wearing it. super disappointed.
it did not fit my wrist.  way too tight.  i plan to add more beads.
as soon as i put it in it broke. all the beads went everywhere.
looks good but the watch rolls around on her wrist.
its really beautiful, but what i did not like is that i only weared it twice and its already broken... unfortunetly, i live in brazil and i cant replace it...
it's nice & pretty design but it's too pricey for the quality which is cheap material.
i love it but i’m having to cut little elastic strings coming off it. is it going to break soon?
band broke after 2 months.
smaller than i expected
fits very tight!!! that being said, its super cute!
not a one size fits all. small and very tight.
cute....but too tight 😒. i should have paid attention to the comments. 😏
i love the look of this band but it broke the first day i wore it.
***update
i’ve only had it for 2 weeks and one of the elastic strings with the beading popped while on my wrist.
super small, pinches my wrist making it uncomfortable.
i'm only giving it 2 stars because i received it tuesday and it was broke by thursday. it looks pretty but doesn't last
it was sooooo pretty! but i only got to wear it twice before it broke :(
today was the first day wearing it and the band already broke...very poorly made
it's on the smaller side. i would not recommend it for someone with a bigger wrist. i was only able to wear it maybe an hour.
it is a very attractive watch band.  however, it fits a bit tight.  love it, but it can get a little uncomfortable sometimes.
love the way it looked but pearls pealed after about a month
beautiful beads but one of the bands broke the second time i wore the band so now it is useless.
broke after a couple days of use tried to contact sellers for a replacement but no word. i loved it but it was short lived.
this was really pretty but mine was missing a screw so it didn’t fit over the wrist. had to mail it back.
the size of it was too small compared to the apple small
turned my arm green. part of it broke off after a couple weeks of wearing it.
this band was pretty and got tons of compliments - but it snapped after a few months.
love it... would give it 5 stars if it didn’t cut off circulation to my wrist. hope it stretches out after a week or two.
broke 2 weeks after purchase
for small wrists
it’s too big and won’t track my heart rate. pretty though.
love the look but not adjustable. i thought i might be able to make it work. i thought wrong.
it’s very pretty but very tight! if you have large hands/wrists, i suggest not ordering
not good quality. it gets stuck in the the watch.
too tight for my wrist
i loved how it looked! i just wish it was adjustable because unfortunately it was to big for my wrist.
trash ... in fact i’ll like a refund please 🙃
popped after two weeks
it is a bit large on me
it fits a little too snug and turning part of my wrist black
loved the band, looked great, elastic band broke within couple weeks.
loved the band it broke 2 weeks later... it was really pretty though
the little dangle charm fell off the first day i wore it.  i do think it's fun alternative.
needs to be tighter
it is very pretty, but it is way too big for my wrist.
broke the next day. not very good quality
cannot adjust and band is too big.
runs small.
kind of small and tight
my wife loves the band, in fact this is the second one she ordered.  problem is they both broke.  first one got caught on something.  the second one broke as soon as she tried to put it on her wrist.
i love the look of this watch band. it looks even more beautiful in person and i get regular compliments on it everywhere i go. however, i am now on my second one in 7 months and this one is about to go out any day now. i have only had this one for 2 months now and been extra careful when removing my watch to try not to stretch it out. i am now having a hard time deciding if it’s worth buying yet another one that will only last a couple months. its getting pretty expensive to pay almost $20 every couple of months for an essentially disposable watch band.
i have child sized wrists. finding anything pretty for them is near impossible! i was nervous this would be too large (because everything is) and it was, but it’s a firm elastic band. i twisted the band to make its tighter and it fits well! it’s so pretty too. love the change from the ugly thick bands i’ve had.
i had initially gave 5 stars. however , the band seems to have become loose. the watch came with a screw driver but no instructions on its use. one would assume it assists in adjusting the band. i’ve looked for screws on the band and don’t see any. hopefully, someone from the company will read this review and instruct me on how to shorten the band.
my kiddos bought this as a mothersday gift for me. it is super cute and i've gotten a lot of compliments bc it's different and girly. its def not worth the price. i've worn it for less than a month and the elastic strings are popping and turning green (probably bc i wear it working out and sweating). for 30 bucks it should be much better quality. i wouldn't buy this again.
my husband purchased this for me for christmas and it is a beautiful band.  however i think it should be a tiny bit longer.  my wrist are average, in fact i don't even wear the extended band that came with the apple watch.  and this band which is elastic is a little too tight on my wrist to be comfortable.  i should have read the reviews a little closer and i would have noticed a lot of people with the same issue.  if you have a tiny wrist or don't mind things tight on your wrist, it will be a great purchase.  however, if you are average to large, you might need to look for another option.
this band is very pretty! i felt so fancy wearing it.  i was able to use it for about 2 days then it completely fell apart!  i was so sad because i had already gotten so many compliments about it!
i loved this band and got lots of compliments. i did have some quality issues though. within 2 days, the bead that dangled fell off, but that’s not really a big deal. within 2-3 weeks the elastic strings started poking out. less than a month of wearing and one band completely snapped off, shooting beads everywhere. i can no longer wear this band and and have had it less than a month.
beautiful band and fits perfectly. i wanted something to dress up with and it did the trick. only bad side is it’s cheaply made. the beads turned my wrist green and the attachments to the beads came apart. other than that it was fine. i will probably wear it only when i have to dress up hit really not for everyday wear.
made for a very small wrist, very tight and easily broken.
gorgeous but not adjustable and is large on my wrist. watch locks often and can get annoying. this was in many of the reviews and a worry when i purchased. wish it was adjustable.
the dangling piece fell off after the 2nd wear. otherwise, i get lots of compliments on it.
