purchased this band for my husband to cover up the pink apple watch that was handed down to him. it works perfectly to cover up the pink and the band is sturdy. easy to install, only took a couple minutes total. would recommend to anyone looking for a durable band for their apple watch.
case (and band) are nice - makes for a tactical look which i like, and it’s not too beefy but it definitely does protect the watch in addition to being highly water resistant (tried it diving into a pool and it came out bone-dry). my only complaint is that it broke - the thin plastic around vent holes on the left hand side cracked and broke while i was taking the case on and off. for $65 i bought a second one, but now that i know to be careful with it, if it breaks again i’m changing my rating to 1 star. $10 iphone screen protectors i expect to not last long, but for $65 i was a little disappointed.
love it worth every penny, got this to be able to have calls text and emails while riding jet skis 100% waterproof to the point where when it’s dury i just wash it i ended up keeping it on!!
this product worked great while running a spartan race. the only thing i don’t like about it is putting it on and taking it off. you need a small, tiny screw driver and it doesn’t cover the screen so you still need a screen protector!
i bought this case for both me and my wife to protect our watches during spartan races.  i like the over all design and protection.  i did have an issue with the case cracking on the side after about a month or so but after contacting catalyst and explaining what happened they very quickly sent out a replacement.  so 5 stars for customer service also.  thanks
works well. keeps the watch protected well. the only downside is it somewhat muffles the speaker. so during phone calls you sound like you’re very far away. other than that it’s an excellent protective case.
i’ve only had this for a few days but i’m really liking it. i’m disappointed they didn’t offer a waterproof band for a 38mm series 1 watch. they don’t recommend this band for a series1 but i was in desperate need. so far it’s working great. i’m going scuba diving this weekend-not sure if i will attempt to wear it then but it would be nice if i could. overall i’m happy with my purchase.
haven’t tried out water resistant feature yet but i love this case cause i don’t feel like i need to be careful with my watch when i workout. the only thing is i don’t know how to take the band off to switch it so i’ll have to google it.
love this case! light weight and durable.  will order one for my phone too.  getting the gasket right was a tad annoying  but worth the effort.
i got this case a little over a week ago, and it’s been amazing. the way it feels, looks and conforms to the watch makes it look great. it’s the perfect accessory if your an outdoorsy and workout lover like me. i would highly recommend and the price is perfect for something that is such god quality.
i like the watch protection for sports. unfortunately the casing cracked on the side and they replaced it quickly. good customer service! thanks.
it was exactly as advertised, it was easy to put the apple watch in the case and all necessary tools an part was provided. though the screws are small to make sure when switching into the case that if you drop a screw it can easily be found.
i love being able to put this water proof case in during the summer. that way a quick jump in the pool or a trip to the beach i don’t have to worry about my watch. this case is the best! i bought one for my husband too!
i like the most that i could use it on my vacation in jamaica. the least that i liked was taking it a part.
side casing cracked when attempting to remove the watch per the instructions. a replacement was sent, the watch case does everything it should. it just seems it maybe a good idea to never remove it from the case.
i used it for work and no matter what i do to it my watch is protected.
great feel and protection, just a bit hard to depress the side round button.  i had to add a piece of paper as a shim
five stars as of right now. it’s like an otter box for the watch. feels very durable and built to last. i’m in fire and ems so i wanted to be able to protect my investment from strikes and such.
the water did  work for my water to keep water from damaging.  there was a small piece that broke. i contacted the company and they sent me a new band very quick. supper satisfied.
just as it says!
returning, buy by mistake. wrong size
great product to fully protect apple watch. it is worn 24/7 and i have had no issue with it.
amazon delivered late. got the case, and it’s working great so far! it’s very comfortable on my wrist.
great quality.
it is a great case for the iwatch.
my husband loves it, good purchase.
is there a screen protector that fits with the catalyst?
great watch case. very useful for water proof ness
great product and very durable.
great works wonders
i love this !!!!!
it’s cool fit perfect
works great.
i really like the look and the product. however within 24 hours of use it got a mean scratch in it just from normal wear. (i’m not a construction worker i don’t deal with scenarios that are extreme. ) but nonetheless my 70$ case has a big old white scratch on it. guess it’s better than it being on the watch itself... picture doesn’t really do it justice.
fit the watch perfect, isn’t bulky
love the case overall, but was disappointed to find out it wasn’t totally enclosed. i’m super nervous about taking my watch in water because it’s not totally enclosed
great for people who work outside.
it is a christmas gift for my daughter in law. she actually picked it out.
used it for our spartan ocr races. held up well.
grear fit
i purchased the 42mm brown leather watch band. it was exceptionally easy to install, and i didn't even use the enclosed micro-screwdriver. it took less than 2 minutes to remove the old band and replace it with the maxjoy. the maxjoy fit perfectly. the leather is a bit stiff which was not unexpected. i think some saddle soap or leather conditioner will soften it as add some protection against stains. overall i'm very pleased. in fact, i'm considering ordering several more in alternative styles and colors. i had no idea it was so easy to swap out the band.
i bought this for my apple watch as the color is army green. because of this band my watch got a different appeal and looking beefy and manly rather than puny. i like the quality of this band. when it's taken out of the box the band was stiff but slowly with the usage it gets flexible and feels like nylon band. i recommend this band if you need manly appeal
if you are looking for a watch band that makes you stand out from the crowd, then you are in the right place.the reason why i bought this band, it’s for the unique color and design.the watch band is  exactly like shown on picture and as described. i really love the color and unique design of it. initially the material of the band is stiff and difficult to get buckled on.however, this can be easily fix by bending the band a few times, which will soften and adjust to your wrist. for the price paid, i am really satisfied with the design and the material. if you have small wrist like me this can be an issue. i adjusted it to the last notch on the band and it slides around a little bit, but it doesn’t bother me at all. the band is easy to install and remove like any other watch band on the market. no tools are needed and it comes with a strong clasp and a stainless steel adapter to lock onto your apple watch securely.  overall, i highly recommend it; the watch band looks highly fashionable and feels comfortable and durable for reasonable price.
the good
i’m always looking for different watch bands to dress up my apple watch more than the standard sport band.  this band looks professional, has good reviews and a good price so i figured i’d give it a try.
i like the look.  it definitely gives the apple watch a more rugged appearance.  i have the green.  mine had some stray threads that were easy enough to snip off.  the pin that connects the strap to the watch connector was also disconnected when it arrived.  i had a tool to reconnect it.  it hasn't come apart, again.  you have to wash the strap from time-to-time if you're active.  it absorbs sweat and then eventually develops an odor.  of course, that can occur with a steel wristband, as well.  it is stiff but it eventually shapes to your wrist.
looks great! has a very good quality nylon feel and the small details of the black leather also adds to the perceived value and look of the strap.
bravo! exactly what i was looking for. this nylon band locks up tight to my apple watch series 1 and feels very sturdy. i am very pleased with the fit, finish and quality of materials used. will be buying another nylon band in a different color soon. i highly suggest buying any of them, you will not be disappointed. if things change, i will edit this review.
fits great! washed it a few times when it starts to hold in some of my sweat. slightly frayed at the end from constant use but overall not a big deal.
a good heavy band for my apple watch. the plastic band that came with the watch made my arm sweat and this one does not or at least absorbs the sweat.
one of the best watch bands i’ve purchased. makes my watch feel more like a watch now. goes great with my spigen tough armor case for the apple watch 2
the band looks and feels great. it is easy to install just like any apple watch band. only thing i can say bad is the material it is made of smells bad when it collects the sweat from your arm underneath. not sure if it can be removed and washed without ruining it. but i may try that next. other than that very happy with it
this band works great for me. i am a outdoors person. i wear my watch 24-7 other than to charge it. i work and play with this watch band on. it is still holding up great. it is very durable, has strong stitching, locks into the apple watch face securely. buckle sets into the band very well, the band also dries quickly when it gets wet. i would buy this band again and again.
great watch band!!! the clip broke that fastens the watch band and the seller is sending me a new one. a great seller that stands behind their product. i love the band and looks great with my apple watch and still tougher than the band that comes with it. great for bluecollar workers it won’t get all nasty under it when you sweat unlike the rubber one. great product!
nice well built band. works as expected.  looks good too.
so my last leather band broke so i decided to try a different type of band. this nylon band is awesome! comfortable, the band durable against a teething toddler. i work at a hospital in the clinical setting and it gets beat up on a lot, but still looks brand news highly recommend.
very good quality
nice color. i got the olive drab. band has started to fray a little. haven’t had it that long. still nice for the price i guess
i had two of them in a different watches , so far this is my favorite ! quality and style are perfect , thanks !
i really like this band, it has become my favorite out of all the bands i have. awesome look, very strong but flexible at the same time. i will be buying the green one soon. awesome band!!!
runs a little big
simply awesome the best one i’ve bought yet. i bought my son one who is a united states marine and it goes great with his alpha uniforms. thanks for a great product.
great product  described perfectly
this black apple watch brand exceeded my expectations in many ways. the material used to make this band feels very sturdy and high-quality. i bought the fabric kind because i think it's a great way to prevent scratches on the band. it's also stylish! the price of the band is also very affordable rather than forking up a bunch of $$ at the apple store. it adds a bit of different texture and style to my black apple watch. i'm glad i purchased this because it will be put into good use and can add a stylish touch. it's also a great gift for someone who has an apple watch!
nice band for the price. strong and durable great look. highly recommended
fits and feels great
great band!!
product is a described.  feels and looks great.
my 18 year old son loves it. seems very durable only had it about a month.
starting to fray on one of the band loops
strong durable wristband and it looks great. the only con is its a bit too stiff and i cant seem to break it in throughly.
this product literally surprised me. i was expecting very low quality material, and breaking pieces like some people write on this review. this is my new favorite look for my apple watch.
great product. easy to install and looks tough.
does what it says.
awesome wrist band, a little stiff but breaks in quick. real tough and sturdy, i dont see my self changing my band for a while
i have this band for a couple of weeks i love it! the style and sturdiness of it is great. would recommend it.
great looking band. but it's a little stiff so it'll take some time to break in. overall very good and worth it for the price.
little stiff at first, but great buy.
it was very stiff when i first got it, once it was broke in it is very comfortable.
perfect!
best
graet a 1
excelente
before the apple watch. i was a big collector of watches. one of my favorite watch was a black one that had the olive band. i wanted the olive band that came with the series three watch but where i bought it from it was not an option. and i don’t feel like paying 50 or more dollars to get different watch bands. it fits the groove smoothly and stays locked in. it is a little stiff but i’m sure that will wear down after some time. really like the way that this band looks with the black buckle. definitely recommend this band to anyone that likes this color or style of watch band.
😃
beautiful, lovely leather. so happy i bought this. highly recommend.
little difficult to install, but works well.
comfortable and durable, but wouldn’t recommend it for the water proof watch. took too long to dry and felt uncomfortable wet.
good fit, durable, looks great, receive many compliments.
i love this band. it looks great and it feels tough. to be honest i was very concerned about the purchase after reading the reviews but i have had none of those issues they described. the pins feels tight on my watch band and i have had no issues with that. i will say that the parts that connect to the watch itself feel loose compared to the factory bands but it holds just fine and i have no concern of my band letting go of the watch.  if i develop any of these issues, i will alter my review but it is a 4 star band with no connectors. this band is great and i’ll just order new connectors to keep it in that case
bought this for my husband and paired it with the smiling apple watch case. they work great together. the nylon is thick but still flexible, the leather accents are subtle but he can still wear it to his office and it doesn't look out of place. we had to replace the original iwatch band because it started to delaminate. he says as this one wears it will just look better and have that worn-in look to it, like a nice pair of jeans.
i love this product. the first time it was delivered, it was defective, but the seller replaced it for me and i’m now very satisfied.
this band looked amazing and of great quality however it was just to long for my husbands wrist. i only have 4 stars for that reason and suggested a possibility of length options in the future. the company then took the time to email me back and even send a different style to try. i can’t say anything bad about the experience!
everyone looks at this watch band and thinks it’s an expensive, classy watch. i get many compliments on it and it’s my favorite one i own. at first the band was quite stiff, but with daily wearing i was able to break it in without much fuss. i wear it all the time and i love it!
the band looks great. build quality is fantastic
this is my favorite band so far. i'm an apple watch band collector and this is probably the 12th band i've bought on amazon and absolutely my favorite. the leather is soft and comfortable and the color is great too.
wonderful watch band made out of strong leather. love the strong clasp. very nice easy to install just snaps on the watch. highly recommend this and a cheaper alternative then going to apple and spending more money on a equivalent.
as others have noted, it's super stiff at first.  i tried wearing it a few times, but it really is stiff (and strong).  so, today i put the strap (not the watch) in a bowl with hot water and fabric softener and left it in for a couple of hours.  dried it out in the sun, and voila, a nice, soft, but strong strap!  perfect!
great quality band for my 38 mm apple watch. love the black leather around the green material. great fit and look when i want the sport band look.
great band, well made and looks good. receive many compliments both at work and when out for a night on the town while strolling down the avenue.
great band for those who sweat a lot for their work. it’s a little stiff at first but once you wear in it, it’s great.
i like the band overall. seems well made and i like the look of it. however the part that attaches to the watch is a little too long and maybe too thin. it does slide around some within the watch.
super nice band, i could not get used to it as i have very small wrists and the band is very stiff.
i really loved how it looked.  i was worried at first after i read some of the reviews but i took a chance and i’m happy i did. its an awesome product. looks and feels durable.
the olive green looks great with a black apple watch . it’s nice durable quality !
very strong and well made. it is comfortable and looks like it will last a lifetime.
well made stiff at first but working it back and forth helps.
5 out of 5! very easy to instal, it's aesthetically pleasing! quality is pretty good, except that it's a bit stiff. anyway, i am quite happy with this purchase!
i love this. just as pictured. i have a larger wrist so the default apple band ket coming undone. this is simply amazing
straight forward
my husband loves this band, gets lots of compliments on it.
band is decent quality for the price and definitely looks great.
not much to say. i love it!
love it
overall really good and stylish. after about a month of daily use it begins to smell a little funky.
this is awesome. once the leather relaxed - it is very comfortable.
great sturdy band. looks expensive and fits comfortably on wrist. great for thicker wrist person who wants a longer band. i would recommend this product
it looks nice and is easy to put on. it’s comfy and durable. i might buy a spare.
absolutely love it !!
looks perfectly on my apple watch and attaching it was extremely easy. i was able to replace my watch band in less than 1 min. only time will well on it's durability, but so far the apple watch band look great, no fraying or itchiness. i would gladly buy this band again, it's worth it.
the black leather is excellent.  you will find it to be very stiff from the onset. that is a good thing as the longer it takes to break in the leather the better it will wear.  i have been wearing mine for about 30 days and it still in the break-in period.  another bonus is that it looks like good quality with detailed stitching.
muy agradecido y conforme par mi uso personal gracias
great watch band!
just arrived 10/31/17. amazing 2 day shipping as always. look, it’s not a top of the line band, it’s not going to make your apple watch feel like you just spent $200 on a band. this band is a perfect fit. it is more of a plastic like feel than rubbery. definitely creates more of a “bulky” look however it seems as though the overall weight of the watch is less. watch is secure and feels just right, highly recommend.
it fit perfectly around the watch. very easy to put on the watch. i also like the band because it doesn’t pinch your skin if you put the watch snug around your wrist. also i have the 42mm series 3. all the opening match perfectly. definitely a must buy if you are looking to protect your watch!
quick and cool. fit perfectly. love it!
delivered on time. i liked it so much. hopefully it would last long.
i give this item a 4/5 stars because it's everything i need in a apple watch protector, minus the fact that the band and coverage around the face of the device got dirty was too fast.  even trying to clean it within the first use was extremely difficult.  these would be the only "con" if any, for this product.
this is an excellent apple watch band, i have even tried tugging on it and it won't budge,it makes the apple watch feel much more significant and rugged,protect the watch from a great many things. and it's a great way to dress down the space black watch for daily wear,which sometimes feels a bit too nice for daily
so i like it so far. good fit, comfortable around the wrist. nice color. my only concern is due to the type of material it might break overtime
i've had this watch case for 6 months now and i have nothing but good things to say. this watch case has performed as advertised. i workout a lot and this watch case has held up to the running, jumping, lifting, falling, sweating, swimming, etc. it provides total protection on the sides and edges. the watch face is also protected since it is recessed into the case. another unexpected positive in my opinion is that this case add some bulk to the watch. the apple watch is sleek and slender, and i am a big guy. i think it looks more fitting on me with this watch case on. i highly doubt you will be disappointed with this watch case.
wear it every day and have had no issues.  gives good protection for the watch.  i do have to take the watch out occasionally to clean out the grunge that gets between the band and the watch.  comfortable and durable so far.
so i bought this band for my husband. he’s rough around the edges to say the least. so it only made sense he didn’t feel comfortable with the original band in which the watch came with. when i seen this one i knew right off the back he was guna love it. and he did. it’s been 2 weeks now and it’s still holding up. feels durable and sturdy. well done 😉
the only complain i have about this band is that you can feel it is cheaper material than when you purchase other watches, like a g-shock for example.
if you've ever owned a g-shock watch, you're going to love this case! i was a little worried at first, that this would be a bit too bulky, however it really does not make the watch any bulkier than it already is. definitely would recommend!!
it’s not really super cute for women but the protection is awesome! i use this band when i’m at work and it protects the corners so well. it’s probably perfect for working out too but i don’t work out lol!
this is a solid watch band.  for $10, it does the job great and feels like it will last for quite awhile.  however, no this is not the same high quality rubber that you get on your g-shock or similar bands.  but it is durable and will look the same as a g-shock band.  can't beat it for the price.
very comfortable to wear and keep my iwatch protected.
i really, really love this band!! it stays on well and you don’t have to worry!  i feel like it really protects the watch well and the price is great!!
fits well, comfortable, protects the edges of the screen, really can’t do much better for the price.
love it. easy install. looks great. very light.
looks good, great protection! the color is true to the picture, bright high lighter yellow. i’ll be ordering other colors from this seller for sure.
nice flexible band, i bought it for my son.
i had purchased the light blue/turquoise version but it got dirty easily. i loved it so much i got this dark blue one to prevent it form getting dirty/looking dirty all the time
its perfect.. for the price its a good deal.. plus the look is pretty simple
looked exactly like advertised. great product!!
love it
amazing product and gives a great style on your wrist!!! definitely should get more colors so i can buy more!!! i love it sooo much
love this band!! super protective and very comfortable!!
love it!! a lot better quality then a similar product i purchased that did not last very long before it broke. already feels like this one will last way longer.
i'm happy with the purchase. excellent quality. i recommend it.
it fits apple 3series watch but i would like a screen protection in it but great product.
very nice fit. pretty sturdy for every day use. not bulky gives the watch a nice look. i would get another
i have three of these bands. they are great and best part being they are not hard on the wallet. i work maintentance and needed something that offers some protection. the bands are easy to clean after a long work week as well. i can’t say bad things for this product.
just the apple watch band i needed, i work in a hospital and i am constanly using my hands such as lifting and pulling,it help me a lot,affordable and durable.
husband loves this for his apple watch and it fits perfectly.  i hope that the band stands up to wear and tear, because it seems a bit rigid.
very rugged durable case. well worth the money.
can't beat the price fits and looks great
surprisingly worth it! very happy so far.
i love the way it stands out the color the sporty feel similar to a g-shock
love the case especially when i go to the gym and work out. ordered the item in 3 different colors well worth the money and also protects your investment in your watch, protects it very well.
like this watch band but i have small wrist and the smallest whole was still to big for me had to give it away
waited a little bit of time to write the review on this as i was not sure it would hold up. now 4 months later i can say this is for sure 5 stars i wear this band everyday as it protects the watch a little better. good quality and best bang for you buck!! great buy!
so far no complain
the band does exactly what i need which is to protect my watch while i work.  i tend to be very rough on watches and it is nice to have it protected from bumbs and scratches while i do.
very good case for the watch
overall a good value. secures and protects the watch. no negatives.
perfect and fast
the band is as advertised. it fits my apple watch series 3 perfectly and it’s very comfortable. i wear it to the gym and to work without any issues. i owned it a week and i have zero complaints. i did buy a screen protector, just in case.
very sporty looking
i can’t comment on reliability of the band as i just got it. but the color and design of the band are as seen in the picture. watch fits well, and i like the feel of the band!
for only $10 it’s worth the money. it’s my daily band i use to work. i have series 3 watch and it is just fine. i find it the band contable even when i’m sweating a butt off doing yard work.
i bought this for my husband, as he is a state trooper. i was iffy on buying him an apple watch knowing how hard he is on the g-shock way he’s just because of the job. he’s had it since december without any problems, i did by a screen protector to use with it, but very satisfied!
perfecto
this is by far the best apple watch to date. so many functions and capabilities and ease of use makes this watch the best?
i just received my apple watch band today. i am very pleased with my purchase. i have a series 3 and it fits perfectly. i will definitely buy another band real soon. it will be great if you guys can make a pink and purple band :)
it works . already saved my watch twice. the only bad is that the end comes loose often
love it!
easy to change face and use also looks good
great product! i get compliments on it all the time! people think it’s a g-shock watch.
perfect fit
my husband loves it!!
looks good. i expected a heavier feel
love it
:)
this will be my second one because of my work environment and i still have to say i havnt scratched or broke my watch yet just the band! great product i call it my apple watch outter box!
nice works better with a cup with a flat bottom hard to find though.
great quality for the price, love it.
great product for the value. it’s durable, light weight, and hold my apple watch in place when i’m working, running, etc... also the band  has this nice “ vanilla” sent to it
love the band and durability but strap to hold extra band is lose and always seem to slip right back away from the band .
super
one of the best wristbands for the apple watch five stars!
great watch case! great seller! couldn’t be happier with the fit and look!
i wanted a rugged band for my apple watch. this one worked out perfectly! even fits the protective plastic cover underneath the band!
simple product at the right price
this band came super fast and it is so comfortable! i wanted the g shock look and that is exactly what i got. my apple watch looks more rugged now and i’m so pleased with this product!
i like the rugged look it's well made and every durable i haven't had any issues since i got it 2 months agoand i do some hard work most of the time so yeah overall good product
only thing i don’t like is that the band seems to be somewhat cheap. other than that good product
cute band.. exactly what i wanted!
i ordered it for my husband as he works in a company where he sweats a lot and it’s really helping him out with the light weight material
this band turned my apple watch into a sports watch..
i love this band because it protects my watch when i bump into things. i work construction so it was hard to keep my watch safe with its original band.
got to me really fast didn’t expect it for a couples more days, feels great around my wrist and looks awesome with face in it!!! thank you guys a lot
thought it came with screen protector as well, it doesn’t. other than that great watch band for work!
looks great and very sturdy. if i had two watches i would order another.
i liked how it fits my wrist and i like how it looks i love the comfort and durability of the watch band
durable definitely but in person it does look flimsy. still great product easy to put on.
it looked amazing and was very durable!
love it
great apple band for the money !! you will not be disappointed !! i have a large wrist, fits great , got the g shock look . a+a+👌🏽
i love this watch band, it’s rugged and is able to withstand the durability test of my deployment!
delivered pretty fast. fits really well onto wrist. only thing i will say is that i wish the material was a bit softer but overall good band.
a little smaller in size from what i expected, but overall, a solid smartwatch. it does everything i need it to do and more.
it was fine but my screen protector came off because of this.
fits well and does it’s job of protecting the iwatch
good quality real bulky tho
no complaints. wish that it could have a screen cover but it fits perfect with the 38 mm i watch series 1.
great product
gotta admit i'm truly happy with my purchase. no problems with band at all. i've had several positive comments.
good product. fast shipping
husband liked it. says it does the jobs.
great band. i expected screen protection to be included. my bad didn’t read thoroughly.
good product. exactly what i expected for the price. great price.  quick delivery.
i love the item !!!
its the best thing made for the apple watch it never failed me and i work in security so i never had a problem
love it
i really like this band. in my opinion it gives my apple watch the g shock look. the band is very durable.
husband loves it, more durable and protective than the apple band he had.
nice!
lovin it!!
just as durable as what’s shown in pictures
fits perfectly and does what’s needed to do.
i love this case it’s a great protector
good band durable easy to clean
love the product
love the design the durability is exactly what i needed.
not bad.  fits around apple watch, using dual is a little awkward.  otherwise fine
excellent product , now i don’t need to worry about my
my husband really liked it.
this item is exactly what i expected
great fit and definitely better then the basic sport bands.
great
great fit for big wrist
great band.  highly recommend.
easy to use. protects the watch.
good product, not the best but it’s great for the price
husband loves it. great fit, adjustable and sporty!
a++
its perfect!!!! nothing else to say :)
nice design. now to see how it holds up.
well worth the money !!!
very light weight , i liked it
good watch band!!
it’s a great product
love my watch band getting many compliments
it fits perfectly and really does protect the watch.
absolutely amazing case for the money!
good
great watch band
exactly what i was looking for
it’s awesome
i wish it had a screen protector
exactly as described
i’m very happy with my order. fyi the pictures do the least.
it’s a perfect watch case. rugged. fits nice
what i liked most about my watch band is it’s durability.
exactly as described
as described and came quickly
durable & nice.
great product
genial !!!
perfect 👌
excelente producto
thank you!
perfect fit
item just as described.  fits watch perfect
great for the hard working individuals....
fits great!!
awsome right fit i recomand this
i love it.
band works great
amazing
yes
good!!!
nice
great! loved it
love it! i have a big wrist so with just the regular size of the apple watch looks to small for me. with this band and case it makes it look bigger. has a good manly look. the band will fit up to an xl and bigger wrist. i have had several cases and band but this one is my favorite!
awesome band, protects the whole watch but the screen from scratches. overall a great looking watch band, but it would of been perfect with some sort of screen protection.
my first time to buy a band for my watch i. supprised by it turn my watch appearance to another style completely, feel get a new one:)
this really gives the apple watch a new look.
absolutely love it 😍
i've been looking for awhile for a new apple watch band. this band fits nicely over the apple watch and provides the right amount of coverage. great find!
i had a different model of this style and it was great. it was soft plastic and had enough room for my large wrist. this one seems like a cheaper (hard) plastic and it was very hard to get on my wrist the first time.  i am only on the third set of holes for the hooks, so if you have a larger wrist then this may be one you want to skip.
i work outdoors and never really wore my watch because i was scared of messing it up. this band gives me the comfort to wear it to work and not have to worry if i bump it. the case offers good protection and has a lip that sits up higher than the screen, protecting it from rubbing against stuff. the band is more of a cheaper plastic, but seems to be very sturdy and has held up great.
great price and fits well!
i really was surprised by how light it is. the only issue is that it feels plasticy but other than that, i really like the fit, color and feel.
great seller!
great fit for active use.  i use it for workouts to keep it tight for the bpm reading and also out in the field fishing and hunting.
been about 2 months still holding up good and it’s a great look!
the band material is a little thinner than i had expected however, the whole band/case is well made and seems fairly durable. the fit is very comfortable and i have large wrists (7.5”). would definitely buy again!
only thing wrong with this wish it was made for a smaller wrist.
this is a great watch case for the price. i work in construction and even though i’ve only had this watch case a couple of weeks it’s held up great. i get compliments on it all the time plus it looks just like the more expensive super case and i’m sure it’s just as durable. just make sure you buy a screen protector also.
nice band.  makes the 38mm watch look tough.  has held up nicely to hard use.
purchased this for my job who had the series 1 & it fit on his watch perfectly. expectations met just hope it is heavy duty durable for his activness.
my husband loves this band/case. i think it looks nice and is not too overly bulky.
great color!!!
love this case however it is important to know it does not cover the screen you need a glass protector for it
bought my 13 year old an apple watch for christmas and he really needed this to help protect it. it works wonderful. i am thinking about ordering one for me as well.
husband loved it, fits great!
so far so good and you can’t beat the price
works great.
protects well.  fits well.
awesome
a++++ love this product.
way better than. the zagg screens! so awesome protects great!
fits my big wrist and looks good
it’s a good watch band but i thought it had a face protecter on it
very durable and protective of my watch. i workout in it and wear it to work and never have to worry about scratching my watch.
muy bueno
worked as advertised
love how the band feels like a g-shock almost. jus an amazing product
just as described.
fit watch perfectly as discribed like having an old fashion band
very nice strap - fits perfectly and very comfortable. feels light when wearing but sturdy. thanks!
i think its good but my husband does not like it because its too big.
keeps face of the watch protected and waterproof for swimming laps.
got for my dad, he loves it. says that it will never fall off like the bands the come with the watch.
awesome!
i really like this band. it’s rugged and protects my apple watch. gives it a sportier look too. very satisfied with the quality and price.
excellent buy!!
i love it💙💙
it has saved my watch several times when i banged it on door frames and treadmills.  it's showing wear on the finish but that's just reminding me how cheap of an insurance policy this thing is.
at first my hubby thought it was cheaply made but once he put it on, he loved it. it is light and durable.
does everything it says. only reason i gave 4/5 is because it looks very high quality and hardened rubber but its not as rugged as it seems. still for the price its more than enough protection and keeps its stylish.
good quality product!!
can’t wait for my husband to get this. i think it’s perfect!
very good
perfect. just what i wanted
nice i like it and quality is also ok not cheap
this is a great item fits comfortably protects my screen
fits perfectly for my apple watch. very durable and my watch feels safe. worth the buy.
great band, it get's dirty quickly but for the money it is well worth it.
great product
great product. provides good protection and durability.
easy to use an protects my investment!
very solid and the watch fits perfect.
amazing buy, i’m so happy i made this purchase!
pretty slick! thanks for a quick delivery
it’s a good band
looks great fit good
nice!!!
good
just as described !!!
came fast love it
great
awesome product
excellent product
great product. very happy!!!
really easy to install my watch
fits and works as marketed for.
got this band on a lightening deal. should’ve been bought something like this. i have the type of luck where my watch hits the oddest things when wearing. this band protects it pretty good, and for the price, it’s a win/win
pretty good case to protect the apple watch,all in all i recommend this product i have not had any problems with it although i think it is a little on the cheap quality
awesome
fit is great..
product as described
i’m very active outside with farm work. better than the original band.
my fiancé loves it. fits perfectly on apple watch series 1. thank you for an amazing product at an affordable price
great product! would buy again!
very strong and light. i like it
great product!! i was always worried about damage to my apple watch, but with this rugged band it’s really protected well. most people think it’s a g-shock or something, doesn’t even look like an appeywatch.
i really like it and the price was very good.
love it! bought it for my boyfriend and he says it’s way more comfortable than the original band
great product for the price
sturdy use the band for work.
good fit
it won’t change with it on the apple
fit my daughter's apple watch perfect!  this will protect it better than the apple watch band that was on it
i like it so far
perfect fit, just love it. everything matches up and very comfortable.
no complaints.  for 10 bucks, it's protects the watch and looks fine.  it fits my series 1 38mm without any problem.  not a designer look but good for casual or working out.
i get all my apple watch bands from this seller....always extremely satisfied. they fit the watch, very secure, fashionable....why pay more?
it looks exactly like apple bands that are sold at $50.
i purchased three other brand previously, they all felt flimsy. this by far the the very best. and although not as thick as the genuine apple band. i prefer it as it’s easier to bend. highly recommend this product. note: to all the negative reviewers with photos posted, i notice several claiming the band didn’t secure well, but based on the uploaded pictures, i noticed the short band was installed wrong. the side that has the indentation along the band goes facing your wrist. the smooth side of the band faces the out side of the wrist with the lock snap facing out. some of the pictures with negative reviews puzzle me as the bands aren’t installed properly.
i got the wine red one and in 42mm small. it’s a tiny bit darker than the picture but it looks great and it fits very well. it is thinner than the original apple band but they look exactly the same. shipping was a little late but that’s the only problem i had
good quality product. girlfriend has not complaints other than its not quite the quality of an original apple band, but at this price who cares. quality is great for the price. why spend apple cost when they get dirty quickly. just replace with new.
absolutely love the bands! we spent $100 buying two bands from apple and then someone told us about using amazon for iwatch bands! you can not tell these apart from the apple bands- so soft, comfortable, and fit perfectly! i gets many compliments on the he bands- i bought the pink and blue band- will buy more- i wear the 38mm m/l and have plenty of holes to go larger-
this was a gift requested by my son. he seemed very pleased with it.
i've ordered many apple watch bands on amazon and the "pink sand" watch strap i ordered looks beautiful! it matches the picture exactly. buyers do beware: if you're looking for the same authentic "pink sand" color, this is not it. make sure you look at the picture before you purchase. the color of this watch band is exactly what i wanted. it is more of a barbie pink than a muted pink. i will be buying more colors in the near future.
this band is as good as apple's $49 version.  the material is soft and feels good on the wrist and to the touch.  different sizes are available for a good fit.  delivery was fast and there was a follow up to confirm my satisfaction with the product.  there is no need to pay more for an apple watch band.  at this. price you can change colors frequently.
i have a ceramic apple watch edition and the band that came with it, i would have to weigh 95 pounds soaking wet and have stick arms for it to fit.  i really didn't want to spend $50 for an ome apple band that was bigger.  this band looks pretty much like the apple bands, and if you were just looking at it you would never know.  fits on phone correctly and i ordered the m/l size and it fits nicely and is very comfortable.  my only wish was that the clip was plastic and not metal as i have metal allergies.  i have covered the inside metal clip with a piece of medical tape and so far, no issues.
i've had this watch band for at least 2 months and it's performing extremely well. i'd never know it wasn't a band from the actual watch manufacturer. it's flexible, comfortable, stays attached to the watch face with zero issues and is staying clean (i purchased white). looks new still. i would highly recommend this product! very happy! i also recommended this to a coworker. she bought 2 and also loves hers.
nice band especially for the price! not as thick of rubber as my apple band but none the less a good buy. the holes for the clasp are in the same places as apple ( i used the 3rd on my nike band = 3rd on this band). the only issue i had was mounting the band. make sure it has fit securely to the watch face and "test" it's hold before you put it on. i had to slide mine to lock it a couple times but it finally clicked in place and is solid.
i just got a beautiful new apple watch for my birthday and my significant other wanted to get me a band too. so we went up to the apple store and they were sold out of nearly every color! little did we know at the time how lucky that was. i hopped on amazon on a whim, saw these bands and took a chance. they are identical to the ones sold in store for literally $45 less. high quality, crazy comfortable and beautiful colors. i ended up buying 4 more!!!
update: the seller saw my previous comment and contacted me offering the larger size for free. great customer service! i didn’t even plan on contacting them. it’s hard to find good customer service especially online, so for that and that it’s a super cheap but nice band, i’ll give 5 stars. will buy again
i have many different bands that i cycle through with my apple watch and apple's sport bands are the ones that generally get the most time on my wrist.  i was looking for a gray band and wasn't fond of the latest offering from apple so i thought i'd give this one a try.  the quality is very impressive it is nearly as good as what apple offers at a fraction of the price.  i've purchased other sport bands previously that don't compare in quality to these.  excellent purchase, i couldn't be more pleased.
great band for the price. i have small wrists, and the s/m fit the 38mm was perfect. i was a little worried about how the light blue would look on the black on black apple watch, but i think it looks nice. the band is if very similar quality to the original. i like these bands because i can rotate them often since i wear this to the gym 4 to 5 days a week. easy to clean, and cheap to replace.
though i'm not a fan of the silicone bands, i have to say that the white looks great when worn with my silver, rhinestone-studded watch bumper/cover.  those pieces together look both sporty and feminine.
i love the color of this band, and the quality is pretty decent.  the craftsmanship is very good, and almost like oem.  these 3rd party bands are hit and miss, and this brand is definitely a hit!  i got a second band because the quality is that good.  i would definitely tell my vatos to get one of these.
my wife and i purchased bands for our apple watch (nike series 3) and they are great. they are slightly lighter and softer than the apple watch bands and so much cheaper. each band comes in a small zip lock pouch. my wife loves to store them in there when she changes bands out. we have them in white, gray, blue and red. we will get more as colors are added.
fits great, looks great with the rose gold apple watch, has a nice feel to it, and i’m very happy with the product and the price. free 2 day delivery with amazon prime, which is also nice! i feel like this is very similar to the pink sand band that came with the watch, but i’m much less worried about this one getting stained, discolored or marked up in anyway because if it’s dark color. very happy with this purchase.
updated review:  in response to my prior review, the seller contacted me immediately and offered a refund or replacement.  i chose replacement and they sent me another band.  different size/color but for my same apple watch.  the band arrived in just a few days.  band is soft and installed better than previous.  would suggest that center plastic bump be a tiny bit flatter so as to glide smoother into watch band slot, but overall good band with excellent customer service!
got one in black and one in pink
i just got the gray band in the mail today. i swapped out my  apple pink band for the gray one. when i out my iwatch back on, i immediately felt the difference between the two bands. personally, i prefer this band. it's softer and so much lighter. someone else mentioned about the texture being different. i agree but it's different in a good way. i also love the color of the band. it goes well with the rosegold metal. i'd purchase this again if i mess this one up. i'm actually going to purchase the midnight blue and maybe another color just for fun.
like them so far. used it today going to the park. it’s thinner than the authentic apple band, but it is still smooth and beautiful! i wish i have gotten the s/m though. either or, if i ever want a different color, i’d order again
love this band.  it's a bit lightweight compared to the actual apple brand but the color is awesome and the the material is flexible.  it clicks in just as it should and it fits perfectly.  will definitely purchase more colors.
i really like this band. the color is a pretty aqua blue and it looks really nice against my rose gold watch. i would definitely recommend. it is easy to put on either arm and easy to wipe down as it’s like a silicone material. i love the width also. mine is a medium/large and it’s perfect. i have a black one as well and they are durable.
i am surprisingly happy with my order. i bought the burgundy and gray bands for my apple watch and could not be anymore happy with it. i bought both bands in the s/m size and it fits just like the original bands when you first purchase the apple watch. these bands are not as stiff as the apple bands but overall, it feels just like the original. i am very happy with the colors and i recommend people to purchase these bands. you won't be disappointed!
this watch band is exactly like the apple watch bands that are sold in stores, retailing at $49.00. this is an amazing deal for the price as there is no difference in performance, functionality, and how comfortable this watch band is in comparison to the real deal. i recommend this to anyone who owns an apple watch and wants a waterproof sports band.
i like the band, it's soft and comfortable. i am bummed that it does not have the double post closure (see pictures) and the reason that i only gave four stars. i chose this band over others because it advertised a double post. i plan to keep it, as it is still a bargain for the price, and will look elsewhere for a double post closure.
this band is exactly the same as the one apple sells for $50.  so glad that i bought this and saved a ton of money.  quality is great, feels the same on my wrist as the apple band, and secures nice and tight. i will definitely be purchasing my future bands on amazon.  this is the white band with the gold apple watch series 4, 44mm.
the design and look is exactly like the original apple watch band just that the rubber is not the same texture as the apple watch band this rubber has sort of a light powderish stiff feel while the apple band is a smooth rubber feel and a little thicker jelly texture, but still not a big difference.i bought this black band because my watch was the silver with the white band and i wanted a black band to wear on a daily basis to work and leave the white one to wear occasionally with certain outfits.
i love these apple watch bands! they are sturdy and seem to be exactly like the ones that come with the watch originally. however, they don’t cost $40 a pop, so they are even better, in my opinion! i have ordered 4 different colors and all have been high quality and beautiful. stop your search and just buy this watchband...you won’t regret it!
i have bought many bands for my watch, a variety of silicone, metals, leather, canvas. i decided to get more of fave colors in silicone since they're so cheap. these look great and fit perfectly. bought several. was planning to buy a pack but wanted colors that didn't come together in the pack combos.
it looks great, and feels great. i was worried about it maybe having a smell but it doesn't. it is really just like the one i have from the people who make the watch, but a lot less money. i ordered two different color ones and i'm so happy to have a few choices now style wise.
i needed a black band for my watch, and i love the sport band i already have. this band is thinner and lighter than the original apple watch band i have, which i love. i work 8 hour shifts and usually my watch starts feeling pretty heavy by the time i go to bed. the band is soft to the touch, and excellent quality. it surpassed my expectations.
band is the same color as the picture on amazon. just like other 3rd party bands this is slightly and noticeably thinner; however, it doesn’t affect the form, fit, or function. it is a fraction of the price i would want to spend on apple bands and other than the “thinness” you couldn’t tell it wasn’t a oem band.
this is every bit as good as the band that came with my watch and i won't hesitate to order more from this vendor.  the band is so easy to change, there's no excuse not to have as many colors as you like.  i couldn't be happier with my purchase!
i ordered this band in both the gray and wine red. they're great, especially for the low price. i have had some sensitivity to the metal on previous bands i've used, but so far have not had any issues with these. definitely recommend!
the style is great but the band is too big for me, even the small size. the problem is the loose part of the band sticks out when i put it on at the size it belongs. i have to tuck the band underneath and it's a little uncomfortable when it's tucked under.
i really love this band!  i bought the white band and was worried about discoloration or that it may become dirty looking in a few days, but i was pleasantly surprised that it didn’t.  it stays clean and dirt/oil wipe right off.  i would definitely buy again.
had this watch band for a month now. it’s still bright white and snaps closed firmly. i like this band better than apples band. i wear a 42mm watch and this band has enough holes so it fits my skinny wrist well and still could go tighter.
it's sturdy enough and lock down mechanism works great too! only thing i would say i would like to see more is if the belt material would have been bit more shiny.... the black color looks just a tad bit off but overall it's great for the price.
i love this.  it feels and looks exactly like the original band i received with my watch.  i don't know why you would want to pay more.  i will def purchase more colors.  same quality, same fit, same everything it seems.
i bought the white band a little over a month ago thinking i would be able to use for maybe 2 weeks before it started turning grey like the other ones i've had. i wear this watch every day and i am so pleasantly surprised that it is still bright white. i definitely will be buying other colors. i will keep this review updated if/when it starts to stain.
nice band quality is good i don’t how long will it last if you use it all day for me this will be last one i buy i only use it when i where my grey shoes every now and then looks good price is right much cheaper then apple store 👍
i was initially worried about getting this band because of how cost efficient it was. an apple band is $49 and this was less than $8. i am very satisfied with this purchase. it is good quality and you can’t even tell the difference between this one and the one that came with my watch. i will be purchasing some more in the future.
i have one original silicon band from apple and want to change to the new color. after reading some reviews, i decided to buy one. however, my skin got burn after 3 day wearing it. i messaged the seller and got a fund refund. in general, it looks as pretty as apple band, but it’s not for me.
i purchased this band and it was very good quality compared to other that i have purchased. this was the same thickness as the apple band and at the fraction of the cost. i will be buying more for sure.
i can't really speak to how this band compares to the apple bands, but it seems to be nice enough. i can't address durability either, but for the price, who cares?  it's great that it costs so little.  for this price, i'll be buying several more.
terrific watch bands at a fantastic price. i hated the white watch band that came with my apple watch 2 and was not going to spend another $50 on the color i wanted. can't tell the difference between these bands and the apple watch bands. liked the first one i bought so much i ordered two more in other colors. super great deal. can't attest to their durability as i've only had these for a week, but they look and feel exactly the same as the apple watch band, so i'd bet they are just as durable.
i can not say enough about these bands. they are identical to the ones you would pay 50$ for with the brand name on it, but these come in such fun colors. excellent quality! i will be buying more.
pleasantly surprised at the look and feel of this band.  i honestly cannot tell the difference between this band and the $45 bands they sell at apple.  i will be buying additional colors to switch around for some variety.  very pleased with the purchase.
wow. extremely fast shipping. it came 4 days earlier than it said. the band itself is soooo soft and pleasing. i ordered the gray band and in the picture i posted, it looks dark, but it is a very light gray. beautiful. i was not sure about the color because i have a space gray watch, but i am so happy i ordered it because it looks amazing! highly highly recommend. especially for the price.
i’m very happy with the watch band. it fits well and feels comfortable. it’s easy to put in and take off the watch. it is simple to put on your wrist. it is a simple design that can be worn daily. i
i loved this band pretty much identical to the apple brand bands. i love it. it’s just as comfortable for a more affordable price. stays on, haven’t had problems with it falling off or unbuttoning. i love the product and plan on purchasing more in different colors.
bought this for my daughter who was complaining that the band her watch came with was getting dirty quick.  she loves the black band, doesn't look dirty at all, feels good on her wrist.
quality good so far.  snapped in place easily and accurately.  snap in my midnight blue was shiny chrome so i took a black sharpy to the snap.  it will probably wear off in a month and i’ll do again :). wish it came in leather-look brown. :(
it's a great band, fits my watch perfectly and is the exact shade of pink i was searching for. i prefer buying the non-apple silicone band, they are slightly thinner and more flexible which i like.
i ordered this because it looked more waterproof than the one i had. this band is really nice. i have used it a lot out mowing and working in the yard. still looks like new. highly recommend.
just like the real thing, why buy it from apple. first, the apple brand wrist bands are nice and look great but... why buy them for so much money when these bands look just as great and work the same. it locks in just like any other watch band and looks great. the texture feels great on my wrist and the color was true. will buy again.
works great and looks great. i do a lot of cardio in the gym and i sit in the sauna so i sweat a lot and needed a band that wouldn't get gross. i didn't give it 5 stars only because the band was a little difficult to get on to my watch at first and there were no instructions as to how to do it. other than that it's great for all day and the gym.
the band was exactly what i expected. it's a nice quality band and it's exactly what you'd get if you walked into an apple store and asked for the sports band. i really love the color and the material is great, especially for working out.
this band is a perfect fit. it is exactly what i wanted and at a very inexpensive price. it looks exactly like my original apple watch band. why pay all that money to apple? i can't wait to order more colors!
the band color is true to description and photos on amazon.  small/medium band fits a women's wrist well who is choosing to wear the 42mm i watch and does not want the longer band fit.  band material is sturdy, silky but does smudge some.  the smudges wipe off easily with soft cloth and water.  i would buy this product again. i bought a red-orange and a white band.  easy to change out the bands too.
it looks and feels just like the official apple version. i marked it down one star because the first one i bought from this merchant never arrived. it was $7, so, meh.
delivered as promised. the material appears not as strong as the original apple watch band, but it looks great for the price. i just got the band so i have not used it much.
nice decent quality, feels good. snaps different than the original but not better or worse, just different. one part did snap off when using this on my watch, which made me feel like it was cheaply made. otherwise, it is a nice, inexpensive accessory and it looks great.
my original apple watch band wouldn’t release. i had to cut it off due to the watch’s release assembly seizing up. this watch band was a perfect replacement. it fits great and looks just like the original band. great product!
this watch band is perfect on my apple watch. i must admit i was a little hesitant not purchasing from apple however, it seems to be the same quality. i’m happy.
i really like this band i feel like it fits like my original apple band. i bought another brand at the store and they buckle different i don’t like them. buying another color.
what i liked the most is the price! it may be a little lighter, but what’s wrong with that! i bought a white one, because the white one i bought from apple, $49, is stained from wear and i can’t get it clean! will be buying more colors
it's thinner than the normal apple watch band but not by much. i like this thickness better! works just the same. i have the gray one and it looks great.
nice color and looks how pictured. my only gripe is that i purchased my watch 2nd hand and it didn't come with any instructions so i didn't know how to put the band on. other than that, i'm liking my band right now
this watch band is great! so much less expense than apple oem and i can’t tell the difference. it’s soft and comfortable. i ordered the s/m size for the 38mm and it’s the same size as the original smaller band that came with my watch.
i wear mines at least once a week.  i switch up depending what i’m wearing. love the quality and feel.  looks just like the apple watch brand and feels just like the apple watch brand.  definitely would recommend.
this sport band adapted to the apple watch perfectly; it is just as described and arrived on time. i will order from this same company again in the future.
unless you put them side by side you can not tell that it isn't a 50 dollar apple band. using it hard for several weeks now and it is holding up great. will buy again if it ever breaks or i need a different color.
feels just like my original band that came with my watch. love this!
i was a little afraid to buy a much cheaper band for my apple watch. i took the risk and i’m glad i did. the band is lightweight but at the same time does not feel super cheap and flimsy.
bought for wife she likes them we got several different colors. attach to apple watch well no problem. i got what i paid for a little slower than expected.
this band is by the far the best band i've ordered. it fits perfectly in the slots on the watch and locks into place. it's sleek and stays on my wrist perfectly. will be buying different colors from this seller in the near future.
to be honest i was skeptical about this product but when i received it and opened it, i fell in love with it lol.  the color is perfect, it’s a little more flemzy than the original apple ban that came with the iwatch, but other than that you can’t tell the difference at all!  this product is worth every cent i spent!  i will definitely be purchasing more.  fits perfectly!  i also purchased the space gray band as well and it fits perfectly as well!
we received the band quickly and had no problems installing the band on my wife's apple watch series 1. the only small "issue" i had is that the connection from the band to the watch didn't seem to be the highest quality. the band did attach to the watch securely though - i will just be waiting to see if it holds up. for the price, i definitely believe this band is worth the purchase!
i love it.  my pink band that came with the watch got stained and discolored very quickly. i really cannot tell the difference between this band and the band that came with the watch.
got these to have more options for my apple watch. they fit as expected and look just like the originals that came with the watch but in different colors.
love the burgundy color! great price! fits perfect! very comfortable and easy to put on! all around one of the best watch bands and i have like 15!
this bad is very well made and does not feel cheap...cannot tell the difference between the official apple ones and there. the band is the same quality as apple for a fraction of the price.
i received my order on time and i really like my watch band.  i ordered two at the same time.  i might order a few more colors since the price is right.
i like this band a lot. looks exactly like the original ones from the apple store for way less of the price. color is exact as picture. it’s a dark burgundy, very nice. no allergic reaction and i’m allergic to latex among many other things
i purchased a grey and pink band for $15.  i love the way they fit.  it's soft and subtle. the colors are perfect!  great for everyday use!  i need more time to see how long they last, considering they were so inexpensive.  very happy.
very good, practically the same as the $50 ones in the stores. so worth it. i bought two colors! and even after sweating and stuff, the white one remains white! i love it!
it is exactly like the band that came with my apple watch. i love the color which is a wine or burgundy color. so pretty for fall/ winter.
the color was as expected.....a beautiful light blue. the quality is excellent. i’ve purchased 4 different colors and love them all. the service was excellent. received them in 2 days.
fits my series zero, and you can't tell the difference between my authentic apple watch band and this one. i'm very pleased and will be ordering more colors!
this fit beautifully on my apple watch, fits like the factory manufactured watch band i received with my watch, feels just like it too, very pleased
loved this band! i bought three colors and i’m really happy with them. they may not be as thick as the original bands but they are awesome for the price.
soft and flexible much like the band that came with my watch. love the color as it goes with lots of my outfits. good price. i also bought a black on too.
great band... very close to the apple version and feels good on the wrist. can't tell the difference between my apple bands and these. highly recommend.
great alternative to the apple options that are about 6x more expensive. quality seems to be equal to the apple options. very happy with the initial quality and workmanship. the material has a nice feel. nothing suggests this is a lower cost option... definitely recommend this!
good quality. can’t tell difference between this band and my original apple watchband. will order more colors. good customer service and prompt delivery.
ordered a small band for 38" and it's way too long. i have it clipped on the last setting. the bans looks nice though and it's good quality.
this color was just what i wanted, the color of the sea when the sun shines bright right at midday.  i was very happy with this purchase.
so far so good, comfortable to wear, color is great and staying clean although it’s only been a couple of days. would buy again!
absolutely cannot tell the diffeeence between this and the apple branded version. they feel exactly the same. i will be buying other colors soon.
i love this watch band, i was not sure if it would be the same and i have found it to be very high quality, i am going to order more colors.
it feels smoother than the real apple one. texture is better and for some reason it doesn’t get dirty as much as the apple one. and i even got white!
i have ordered several different kinds of apple watch bands and this is by far the best fitting and most comfortable. very pleased with this product.
it fits, it fits perfectly in my apple watch, and it is almost identical to the apple-made silicone watch bands.  great value.
i wanted versatility in my watchbands, similar to changing out my wrist watches. i didn’t want to pay a lot of money to buy bands and i found the perfect ones at the right price!  this product matches every single color i wear from black to pink. i can mix and match the bands as i please. the bands are durable, don’t cause my wrist to sweat, and i haven’t seen any viewable wear and tear as well
y’all i love it. this band fits very well and the color is exactly what i wanted. looks just like the original apple band, just a little thinner. which is expected because the band is only 8 bucks. but dang for 8 bucks it’s amazing!!! i am definitely ordering more bands. one to match every outfit. highly recommend!!!!
you can't tell the difference between this brand and the apple brand.  i love it and i can buy in more colors because it is affordable.
great price and feels exactly like the apple one..  i have been wearing them for a couple of days now and feels like it will hold up.
love this watchband. other than being just a tiny bit thinner i can't tell the difference in quality between this one and the original one that came with my watch. i'm ordering more colors!
didn't want to purchase the apple brand due to cost, so i heard from a friend about these and decided to give it a try. the band is slightly bigger and thinner than the original, but for the cost it's awesome! i would definitely purchase again and plan to purchase another color.
this is a great buy.  it looks and feels like an apple original without the apple price tag.  highly recommend.
i bought the igk sport band for my apple watch 42” so i could wear it in the pool and lake. looks nice and fits perfect. no problems either the shipping came in on time and exactly as promised.
pretty color, runs small. my original band i lock it in at two holes from the watch but this one is the second to the last one at the end
can’t go wrong with a white band. it should be a staple in your collection. just saying. band seems durable and quality is well made.
i like the ease of changing the strap on my apple watch, and that is why i kept ordering for more. will definitely recommend to others.
i just received my watch band a few days ago and i have wore it once. at this point it’s comfortable and good quality. hoping the white is easy to clean.
really suprisingly great quality for the cheap price! it feels like my original wristband and it’s fun to have the extra colors to swap out! i will buy more of these! thanks!
i love my band. it's looks just like the other one that came from apple. i would love to order a lot of other colors from this seller.
this band is gorgeous! it’s deep red wine color looks classy and expensive. it feels really soft and doesn’t attract a bunch of lint like others i’ve had. shipped right away. i’d buy lots more from this manufacturer and highly recommend.
bought these watch bands for my 2nd generation apple watch in 3 different colors and they are all amazing and work perfectly and are exactly like the picture. i’ll probably buy more in different colors 👍🏻
this band looks and feels exactly like the apple band that came with my watch. fits the same. looks very nice.
don’t waste your money at the apple store. these are just as good and with the reasonable price you can buy multiple colors.
i like the feel of band, almost appears and feels like the original bands that come with the watches.  well made.
love the color! it’s a little on the thin side for my liking, but the quality bests others i’ve tried.
to me, this band looks and feels exactly like the one that apple sells for $49.00. i’m very happy that i bought it here! after receiving the watch band two days earlier than expected, i was contacted by the seller who asked if everything was ok.
love it - great quality. i was having trouble staying connected to my iphone with metal or mesh bands and have had zero connection problems since i put this band on and it looks great too.
sturdy. holding up very well with my very active and hectic lifestyle. i’ll be getting more in various colors.
apple strap at a better price.  i love this band.  fits perfectly and watch stays in place. i will be ordering more colors
this product is as described.  it attaches easily to the apple watch.  i would definitely purchase it again and would recommend it to others.
i love the band but it scratches easily unlike my name brand band that i wore almost two years.
it's not the fanciest band, and doesn't feels as nice as the bands apple makes, but it works well. for the price, it's a good buy. i like the light blue color.
i can tell it's not a real band from the apple store, but so far i love it and it is really durable!
it’s not exactly like the original apple strap which people wrote about in other reviews but it’s close and way cheaper
bought this to switch up my current band. looks good, feels good, it’s just a little thinner than my original band
i am very pleased with this watch band. it snaps in perfectly, is very comfortable, and was quite reasonably priced!
easy to change out - had a white band for summer and switching to black for the winter.  it looks great
just as good as a band bought from apple...but much less expensive.  very happy with my purchase!
the fit is perfect and the quality is amazing for such a low price. i am thrilled. the color is very true to the photo!
looks nice, perfect fit, love the material! would definitely buy again in different colors
looks awesome and exactly like the actual apple watch band. so glad there is this option!
no it’s not like the apple store one you can feel a slight difference but no one has ever noticed.
this band fits perfect to my iwatch, and it's a good replacement for the original one..... the quality is not the best, and you can really feel the difference with the original, but for the price you pay it's a great trade.... i will definitely buy more of these bands
size is perfect! and color is as pictured. i have received two more and feel the same! and fast delivery!
i ordered the wine colored band in a s/m for my 42mm apple watch. it is a nice color and i get compliments on it all the time. i loved the fact that both sides clicked into the watch easily and were the perfect fit. i will be ordering more colors soon.
just the color i wanted.  size and fit appears to be the same as my original apple watch band.  i will probably look for more colors.  i love it.
this band fits well, is styled exactly like the original apple band but so much cheaper! i purchased the s/m in the 38mm in white and it looks and fits perfectly for my small wrist. i would purchase this band again. it’s so much easier to put on than other bands i’ve purchased in the past and it seems to be a better quality that won’t hopefully leave rust marks like the competition’s bands.
very well made, but the original band that came with my watch is thinner and much more comfortable.
this is a great product.  the band is comfortable, durable and cheap!  i will definitely buy again and different colors.
great product!  it's just like the one that came with my watch.  it's an affordable way to change up your bands.
great bright blue color  & super soft ... i like more that an original one i have from  apple store .
nice price for the band.  it fits nicely and looks nice with the rose gold watch that i have
really like this band. works just as well as the ones that come with the watch. i love all of the color choices!
this is just like the ones you buy through the apple store. easy to put on, maintain the shape and color of, and clean.
this band is very cool. it reminds me of the apple product watch bands, just a fraction of the price. it is a little more flimsy than the apple bands but i definitely like this band. would definitely recommend!
i really like this, its light weight and very comfortable.
love the color! it fits perfectly! my wrist is very small and it’s hard to wear any watches! this band has not disappoint me! i will be buying more colors to match my wardrobe 😊👍🏻
great band. the quality is durable and very similar to the brand name bands for a much better price. vibrant color as well. the only difference i noticed was that the s/m i ordered is a bit bigger/looser than the name brand. overall wonderful product, happy to wear, and looks great!
pretty good. the metal button rusts though which doesn’t happen with any of my other bands.
very nice. the metal pin that goes into the hole clicks when i attach it. it feels secure when doing so.
great watch bands and a good color selection.  purchased these for my wife and she couldn't be happier.
i truly love the quality, and its a nice smooth soft feeling in the skin. not like the others.
love this color fits perfectly color is as described good quality and worth the purchase
excellent for the price.
this looks just like the apple one, nice and strong.  i bought two colors and i will be ordering a third one!!!!!
great color, perfect size, great quality. absolutely no complaints for the price.
it is cute and durable, really like it and have ordered it in more than one color!
very good quality band.  not flimsy like the apple knock-offs i’ve ordered before.  i got the royal blue and it’s a very pretty color!
you can’t tell the difference! this looks and feels like apple bands they are amazing
the belt color i received is lighter than the picture shown but it still looks good.
looks great and has withstood the test of time.  inexpensive alternative to the apple product.
the watch band is what i expected and what i needed. i'm pleased with the purchase.
perfect! soft, comfortable, exact maroon/burgundy color i wanted.
great watch band. just like my original apple watch band! love the color!
i like the band because it’s thinner than the apple band it came with
fits great. i ordered the small, and it is not too big for my dinky 5 inch wrist
this band is perfect, size, fit and color are exact. i'm most satisfied because i can't tell the difference between this one and the one that came with my apple watch.  go for it!
i like this band. it is soft and the white is very crisp. it feels comfortable to wear too.
good old white is always a solid choice for me. good quality and fits well.
love love these!!! same as apple bands (on website) for way less and still very good quality!!!
great looking. great fitting. would definitely buy again. i recommend this product. i’m actually going to get another one in a different color.
very nice quality, works fantastic - at a much better price point than apple.com
this is a very pretty pink band and fits very well. i ordered 42mm small.
i purchased the watch band in two colors, black and white, and i'm very pleased with them.  you never know when you purchase an accessory not from the original manufacturer. the price is certainly right, and i'll be going back for more colors!
nice band! love the color and is very similar to the apple bands
very happy with this band. i ordered the mesh one when i ordered the watch which is nice for dress up. but realized not practical for every day use. like the sport band for that.
fits perfect. and size. exactly as described. highly recommend.
i was a little worried that this would not fit appropriately or would break or fall of the watch, but it has worked perfectly under the same conditions as my original apple watch band.  i will be buying in other colors.
i really like this band. it was inexpensive but good quality. i like being able to change my band color along with my outfits and at this price with this quality i can buy multiple colors to do just that!
excellent watch band. arrived on time and in good condition. i plan on purchasing other colors!
i love the band. exactly the color (navy) it said, good quality and comfortable.
i ordered 2 of these for my apple watch series 3, they fit perfectly & look great.  delivery was right on time!
nice band easy to put on. the color is very pretty. i like the way it feels.
awesome band, attractive, smooth and comfortable. i have the series 1 watch. i got the dark blue band. now i’m buying it in other colors.
very happy with these bands.  great alternative to the apple bands.  great quality.  will purchase more of them!!
just as good as the $50 apple watchband and fits perfect! will buy again!
so far so good.  purchased to replace original band.  fits well, easy to install
bought for granddaughter.  seems to be very durable and blue color is just as pictured.  she loves it.
great band looked good on my watch as an additional band to my collection
i’ve bought about 5? different colors now. lol i love them. great quality.
perfect, low-cost replacement for apple sport band.  installed easily and looks great.
fits just like the ones that come with it from apple. easy to switch out
great replacement strap and color.  daughter loves it.
i love this watch band. it is very comfortable and the perfect color of pink. it is easy to snap and does not come undone.
this is a great replacement band and i'm very happy with it.
it was okay. its not  even close to the normal apple watch band material, and it collects lint and dust like a magnet. but for the price it’s a decent product.
i love this sport band for my apple watch! i ordered the pink band, and it fits just like my band from apple. i took a comparison pic—the green band is the apple band and the pink band is from this seller. they are pretty much identical. i will probably buy another band from this company in another color.
fits my series 3 42mm apple watch perfectly. amazing deal for the money. highly recommended.
pure white just as described and desired.
this watch band works perfectly and was much cheaper than the official apple bands!
can’t beat the price and quality of his band. for those of you with larger wrist, this is the band for you. i usually use the last hole on the apple brand bands, but this one i’m at the top.
perfect, just what i needed. no issue with quality
love it! great quality.... easy to clean. definitely will buy again for different colors. a++++
great fit, sturdy, really good quality! would have paid much more!
bought it for my apple watch to have a second choice of color.
customer service it amazing. any issues or questions just message the seller and they will take care of you.  fit, feel finish are nice. no issues with install. delivery was fast. i would definitely buy again.
great looking product.  fits very well on my apple watch.  easy to fit to wrist.
everything works as expected. good materials quality and fits as expected.
i wish i saw this before i bought my last band! this looks a lot like the apple bands - with  the silver clasp and everything.  highly recommend over the costly apple version!!
ok quality ... stretched out a bit after a weeks wear ...
bought this and is the best apple watch purchase i've made on here. the color is amazing i got the burgundy one and it connects well on my watch. get multiple complements on it daily.
good buy, color texture fades quickly though. for the price it is not bad.
great band at a great price. will buy again.
i can confirm the size 38/40 fits the new apple watch series 4, size 40 mm perfectly. the band itself is almost identical to the apple band. the only difference i noticed is that it is slightly lighter weight than the apple brand, but once it's on my wrist i don't notice any difference at all. definitely worth trying out at this price.
this is a good product, it’s worth what i pay for it.  i ordered this band to replace the original apple band that was lost.  honestly i was surprised by the quality and how it fits my wrist (i have a large wrist).
fits my 38mm apple watch great. band is sturdy.
it’s perfect and i plan to get them in every color.
the band is is very comfortable and description is right on... seller shipped fast..
i bought this for my husbands iwatch and it fits perfectly.!
loved this band. perfect color and amazing price. would purchase again.
every bit as nice as an apple band and so much cheaper! buy this one.
love this band!  i get so many compliments on the wine color.  i'll be back for more.
i ordered the bright blue color and i love it. the color looks identical to the picture shown. it fit the watch just like the that came with my watch. i have the 38mm rose gold watch and i don't think the color clashes at all.
works great, fits great, easy to swap out bands and looks good!
adjustable. love the color. easy to wipe clean. i purchased 2 more colors.
i love this watch band. just as good as the $50 ones from apple without the big price tag. the color is bright and the band is soft. no edges on the inside to rub on your skin and it doesn't slide around or come loose. i can't recommend higher.
i bought this silicone band in black and it fits my iphone 42mm very well. it seems sturdy and looks very good.
im very satisfied with this band. the material is very soft, it fits well, and the color is very pretty. i got the wine color. just of note,  it’s a little bit darker than in the picture but still a very pretty color. it is a little thinner than the apple band, but it fits in my watch well, and feels secure.
as described and discussed on the review, matches watch and very comfortable.
i'm really loving this watch band so far! the color is great and the design and clasp are very close to the original apple design, and what an amazing price! i'll definitely be buying more colors!
it is exactly like the black band that came with the watch except for the pretty wine color. i would purchase more in various colors!
love this watch band. the color is great!
fast delivery and product was accurately described. comfortable snug fit, doesn’t feel cheap.
love the new band, great color, fits well.
purchased this for my apple watch series 3, 42 mm. color is great. band is soft and doesn't cut into my skin. would definitely purchase again and recommend the seller.
little thinner than the apple band but i like this better.
i am officially a apple head, lol love anything made by apple, durable, efficient, and the best quality. although pricey, but you get what you pay for!!!
nice and bright! doesn't feel different than the apple brand to me.
a bit thinner and lighter than apple's but acceptable. the only real downside is the locking mechanism with the watch which is not as good. you need to wiggle it back and forth when you install it. but when it's locked, it's locked. can't complain with the price.
works great like the original apple band.
i love my apple watch bands. easy to change. great price
great watch band! soft to the touch, but is longer than i was expecting, even for a m/l.
i am really happy with this watch band for my iwatch 3 38mm. i am thinking about what other colors i should order!
the sport band for apple watch is a great quality band that fits my 38mm apple watch. it's soft, easy to install, easy to adjust around your wrist and a whole lot cheaper then apple. plus it's eco-friendly and it comes in a variety of colors. you will definitely be happy with this purchase.
love it and the color is as described.
a great addition and fun color for a great price and fast delivery!  thanks
love it! fast shipping, and it fits perfect!
nice band, flexible soft silicone. good buy.
so far, so good. i bought this to jazz up my watch a bit (originally came with a black band). the sizing was almost identical to the apple band i had and the s/m fit perfectly on exactly the same setting (2nd notch). looks good, feels good, and the price is right. i've only had it a week but i anticipate it will last a long time.
perfect, simple color that goes with everything.  comfortable and great fit
beautiful color! exactly as pictured. quality is great. can’t beat it!
fits my watch and wrist perfect. i love the color. and it’s the exact same as a band from apple just a fraction of the cost.
i ordered this for the series 3, fits great. material and color is also great. almost exactly like stock product.
i live this item! cannot tell it’s not an original band.
perfect size and pretty color for my apple watch.  i plan to order more colors soon.
so far i really like it. it’s obviously not the same as the band the watch originally came with, but for the price it’s perfect.
i love this! they are true to color and soft! and fit perfectly! i will be definitely buy more colors! it looks just like the apple ones! defeinetly buy it!
great wine color and fits well.
happy daughter great product for the money
great value and price.  i got the dark blue one
fine quality for the price. fastens well and is not flimsy.
love this band, color goes with everything.  will buy again.
i've been very happy with this product.  i wear it all the time, as i don't rotate out my bands and it has held up very well.
i love this band.looks great with my watch
love the material. my old band (the one that came with my apple watch) was thick and way “more rubbery” if that makes sense. the old band didn’t bother me until i exchanged it for this purchase and this one is so light and comfortable. love it!
great band for great price. looks exactly like apple version for much better price. would highly recommend
this band is a little thinner/less sturdy than the apple ones but nonetheless worked great, was very secure and held up all summer and is still in perfect condition
better than expected.  stays on.  nice color! arrived on time.
great quality for the price ! really nice band almost identical to my apple band.  would order again in other colors.
i loved the color and the feeling! the one thing is they do stain easy. i was dying my friends hair and some got on the band and stained it. i had the light blue one. it felt just like the actual apple bands!
works great! super comfortable and so cute!!
love love love!!  well made and color is perfect and just like the photo!!
...quickly delivered and fits my iwatch.
just like the apple bands i really like these.
the watch band does its job without fuss. i get compliments on the color all the time. super practical.
it's just as i expected.  i assume it will hold up like my white & black bands.
these bands are easy to install, and they look really good.
looks like the apple band that came with my watch.
very firm and durable plus a good price.
the five band are very nice and high quality
i bought the navy (no holes) and red (with holes) sports watch bands! bought my husband the all black one with holes. he hasn’t tried it yet. i like them so much that i will be buying the pink and navy sports band too!
the color was accurate! it doesn’t feel cheap. nice quality!
it arrived quickly! super cute fits to size and feels durable 😍
love it. fit perfectly!
perfect fit and appearance
light, durable, comfortable, looks nice, easy to use.
the band is comfortable and easy to wear.
cute and nice band. the little button (clasp thingy) is silver that’s the only thing i would change to rose gold! awesome for the price!
exactly like the apple version!
good product & great price! fits perfect.
looks and feels real
i like the band very much
as described, efficient delivery
great feel. fit like a glove
good product, works just like my other bands. i ordered the sand color, it is a little more pink than i thought it would be. i was expecting it to be a faded pink. however, i still like it.
great product. will order again i. future!!
love the grey color and fits perfectly!
easy to swap out to give me color options on my iwatch.  very comfortable, excellent quality!
i ordered the white band...i cannot tell a difference of quality.  it appears to look and feel the same as the original band that came with my watch
cost savings over like apple item and just a good
this band looks, feels, attaches, and wears just like the apple one. so far i’ve had it for about a week or so and no staining unlike my apple one that got dirty lrettt fast. plus can’t beat the price. highly recommend.
very nice band.  fits my apple watch perfectly!
love the light pink color and perfectly compatible with the 38mm watch.  comfortable and very affordable. also got the light blue and white ones :)
very happy with this purchase! can’t beat the price & looks just like apple. i bought the midnight blue.
fits perfect and easy to install. highly recommend
fits very well, doesn’t extend off the watch’s face but has a weird texture to it
fits well, attached easily, wipes clean
nice band at a good price.  why pay 4x more for the apple version.
sport bands as described, ordered both the white and black bands. fast delivery, they look great!
this watchband fits my new apple watch 4 44mm perfectly! and it looks just exactly like the ones for sale at the apple store.
looks just like the band you get at apple
this band is great i love the color and the quality. i would buy again in another color.
i like that is sturdy but i was kind of disappointed in the actual color. i thought it was going to be a lot lighter than what it actually is.
great buy will definitely buy again and fast shipping also!.
it is great, love it.
great band.
the band is perfect, the material feels extremely close to the one that comes with the apple watch when you buy it or the ones that are sold at the apple store. if you dont care that it wasnt bought at the apple store for a stupid amount of money, this is an excellent buy!!!
love the color....looks great
it’s a nice band
nice band,,, can’t really tell the difference between this & my apple band
fits great, comfy, high quality, color exactly as described
color is darker buy beautifull
just as apples band without the cost
exactly what i was looking for!
works great and fits really well.
easy to clean, comfortable. able to type on computer without it bugging me, like my old one did.
perfect and fast shipping
fits and works perfect.
i love that i can change the look of my watch to match different outfits. durable and flexible!
excellent!
great replacement/extra band for apple watch. easy to install. looks great. used with my series 3.
it's great!  fits my apple watch perfectly!
fits perfect and very comfortable
they have very nice customer service. my first order misplaces so they sent me another one in a very short amount of time, really appreciate that. would definitely recommend it to others and would buy more bands in the future. this sport band is really good quality and fits really well. i’m very happy with what i got.
i really like the band, its sleek, looks good. also, it feels good  & comfortable on the skin. i bought a med-large so its a lil loose. think i will stay with the small-medium for next time.
love this band! nice quality. fits well. very close to feeling and fitting just like the original band my watch came with! would def recommend!
great quality for the price! i would buy again!
these really surprised me, i can’t really tell that much difference between these and apple bands. super impressed and the price point is the best part!
i got this band to use and switch out with my other leather one to use when i work out and it works perfect. looks good too!
as expected
i can't imagine the original apple ones are any better than this. love this new band.
so pretty and give my apple watch a new look
looks great!  i love the color!
great product, fast shipping.
nice band and it’s pretty comfortable.
fits well and great quality!!
i love my new apple 3 watch band. i bought the black and the strap is exactly like the original that came with my watch (just different color). very happy with my purchase and the price. i will most likely order more colors!
my first time changing band on apple watch-so easy!  fits nice and looks great!
attractive and comfortable
love the feel, love the look and love the price!
love it. comfortable, good fit and great price.
i bought these to replace my old earpiece cushions that were worn out. replacing them was very simple and easy. i love the look and how they feel. i would definitely recommend these.
there is no reason not to buy this band. it's exactly the same feel, look, wear, etc. as the official band. i will be purchasing more colors just for the heck of it. i'm very happy with this product.
love it, will be purchasing other colors.
excellent
love this! will be purchasing more
for most men, i recommend the 42mm large band. great fit and feels great!
does the job!
todo ok
great price for an awesome band.
so cute and fits well!
good quality, can not tell the difference the apple branded one at a fraction of the price.
great product
love love love this color
love my new watch band.
this was exactly what i was hoping for!  the watch band fit right onto my iwatch with no issues.  i love the color and fit.  i actually was looking to buy another, and likely will order a darker color for the fall/winter season.  how about adding purple to your color palette of offerings?! 😁
other than a slightly different feel, this band is just about identical to the one that came with my apple watch. the price is fair unlike the outrageous $50 apple tries to charge for a replacement band. i might order a few more colors!
color is slightly deeper in person, which is exactly what i was hoping for. very comfortable and similar to apple brand. great quality for inexpensive price. would definitely repurchase in other shades!
great product with a great price- win win!
good quality, easy to change bands. nice color.
my favorite for work
feels just like the apple brand watch but a lot cheaper! great for the gym and summer too when my arms get a little sweaty
love these bands!!!
fits well and solid construction.
love it!
nice placement band
i have no complaints. love it.
great price, perfect fit!
nice bright color
great!
love the color; it was a little darker, more of a maroon color.
perfect band for my applewatch.
i like how they attach to the watch, so far they clean easily and are easy to put on, and look nice.
love it!
good value
i love this band! it is so smooth and lighter then the apple band that came with my watch!
love the color and it arrived quicky
the color is exactly as shown is appears to be of high quality. it fits perfectly.
i got this because i was sick of my old band and didn't want to spend 50 dollars on an apple band. this one is great for the gym because it doesn't slip around when it gets sweaty. i got the spicy orange and loved it so much i ordered two more colours. black is really nice as well.
feels and looks exactly like the apple brand watch bands
very comfy, sleek look almost like a matte finish
love it!!!
wonderful product!  great for everyday use!  highly recommend!
as described. appears to be a great product for the price. i will order some additional colors.
theses bands are exactly like the one that came with my watch. that was my biggest concern. i 💜 the sea/sky blue and pale pink. only wish there were more colors!!!
awesome band! looks and feels great!
i would say it’s pretty close to apple quality. i got the red which red is a stretch as the color. seems more orange then red but nice quality.
it good so far.. i bought a few bands. and i only wore it once.
love the color, feel and fit!
the blue band is exactly what i expected.  the pink band is a little brighter than i had wanted but i still like it.  would order from this company again.
everything great
would purchase again
great quality and arrived really quick! thanks!
great!
nice band - fit exactly
great replacement for expensive apple.
great fit for a smaller wrist.  will definitely order more colors.
it's as expected, perfect and pretty!
this item is very good because it is easy to apply to your apple watch and is very durable and cute , i would recommend this item to anyone who needs a new apple watch band.
this band feels great, and the white looks awesome with my black watch. perfect for summer. i’ve already ordered another color!!
i bought several watch bands from this company and love them! i get compliments all the time on how i am able to color coordinate my outfits and watch bands. trustworthy company would definitely order again. also, fit my 48mm apple watch perfectly.
the band is beautifully made, high quality and looks great.  definitely buy again.
nice and soft
not true red. more of a dark orange. fits well though.
comfortable and love the color.
love this! thankful i bought two colors! durable and perfect for what i need it for. i manage a horse barn so my old watch bands would get gross with hay, dirt, water and sweat. the material on this one makes it easy to rinse off and hold up to all my daily chores!
perfect! thank you
great band, feels just like my original that came with my watch but at a better price.
great color,  love these bands  they are so comfortable.
this fits perfectly and looks great!
i ordered thinking i won't lose anything for the price. but it was worth it. its the best band you can get for this price. you can never tell the difference compared to original bands. i am going order all the colors now.
as with all things apple related accessories come at a high price but finding suitable non-apple accessory is often difficult as quality becomes an issue.  that is not the case here.
love the color
so far as i can tell it does the job well. it does feel a bit more flimsy that apple version of this band, but this is expected for the price being a fifth of apple's. it feels secure and i don't worry that it will break or fall off.
wonderful product for the price.  i was skeptical because it was so affordable, but the quality seems to be great. i love that it is easy to clean!
color is needed to match sneakers
can’t even tell from the original. i got the maroon.
perfect, thanks!!
fit perfectly, lightweight, almost identical to original band.  i have the series 3, 42mm rose gold watch.  navy and gray worked perfectly and provided me with options.  wish there were more colors available.
very similar to the original apple watch band. very happy with the reasonable cost & free shipping.
love it
slightly different quality as the apple bands but still very comfortable and soft. totally worth the price! i will be buying more in other colors
just like apple bands.
i love the color and it goes with everything
i'm happy because my girlfriend loves it- at a fraction of the cost.
basic and good quality.
love it! thanks
i have this product in several colors - you won't be disappointed.
love the color and style.
excelent!!
this product is a great value in comparison with buying the same product at an apple store.  i actually cannot tell the difference.
great
soft pink i love it!
so far so good, looks very nice.
revised comments:
love my band !!! perfect and came in a timely fashion..thank you !
k
love it!
i love the wine red watch band! it looks great and looks just like the $50 band from apple!
love the band!
perfect fit
great product.  no complaints.
very smooth and secure just received it today hopefully and has a long life!
perfecto
well built and comfortable.
excellent item and fast shipment
i like that the color and size arrived exactly as i ordered.
so happy with this purchase, and definitely can’t beat the price!
just as described and love that my watch looks completely different with this new band!
vibrant color, thick, durable band. great quality at an amazing price!! ordered two different colors and will be ordering a third!! definitely recommend!
i love this band! came in on time, it’s super white and pretty and fits my 42 apple watch 3 perfectly for such a good price
love these sport bands! they are amazing, i’ve purchased the white one and looks amazing to! great product for the price. such a steal! buying more colors soon!
nice item, great price.
perfect replacement for original.
great product! i love my band.
love, love, love it
great price
really liked the color. more of a bubblegum pink. not the same pink as the rose gold watch band - this is more vibrant.
i loved it, great quality! buying more colors...
i love the deep wine color of this watch band and the feel of it.  a great purchase and a great price.  love it.  don't hesitate.  life is short - buy the watch band!
great band for my apple watch at a great price
love the color and material feels just like the original band. the only thing is that the metal under left a yellow mark on my skin
i love the sport band for my apple watch.  it's just like the one that comes with the watch from apple.  very happy with it.
very comfortable & the grey is true to color in picture shown.
very comfortable.
i am loving this watch band! i have a series 1, and i’m not sure if it because this is the second time i’ve bought replacement bands, but loving them! i got 3 different colors- burgundy, navy and black. great for the price!
i like the softness of this band and it looks great!
i purchased this band in several colors - great product.
nice band
great product, fit perfect and sturdy material. will most likely buy more colors and there a great price..
the watch band fit the 38mm apple watch  perfectly. it is a little longer than the oem band it replaced, but still fits the wrist well.
fits just like my apple strap
sport band for apple watch 42mm 38mm, soft...
omg love the color and this product is amazing
great buy. went on easily and is sturdy.
the color was not quite what i thought it would be . a shade darker than what i thought but i like the product and satisfied with it .
good product and good quality
i love how comfortable the band is!! its actually better than the ones i have purchased from apple. color was spot on and now i want all the colors
beautiful good quality
love it! color and fit is wonderful!
very good
it’s great for the price! i love the color!
just like apple original, super cute and durable. will order many more colors.
very comfortable. fits nicely on my small wrist. love the color.
love this band more than the one that came with my watch! and i get so many compliments on the blue color!
just as good as the apple brand my watch came with. i will definitely purchase again if i want a different color.
super fast shipping, exactly the band i was looking for!
looks and feels like the original band that came with the watch. i got the navy blue and it's a true navy blue, exactly as expected.
fits just like the band that came with the watch for a fourth of the cost!!  thanks
brought this for my daughter and was cuter than i expected! will purchase another color soon
quality is great. feels and looks like the official apple bands. easy to install.
just like the apple band but a whole lot cheaper!
it was easy to put on. it looks nice. a must have.
i love it and it fit perfectly. the price is awesome.
the band arrived in a very timely manner. it was exactly as expected. i have no complaints whatsoever.
very comfortable. easy to use
this band is top quality and very flexible. the band is a perfectly deep black color and is what i wish the original band was instead of the mediocre grey that comes standard with the watch.
arrived quick and super soft! i actually like these more than the actual apple bands.
wrong size for me. nice product
high quality. very stylish. pretty matte black band
it is truly amazing. i love it so much. it looks so realistic from the apple product. huge savings.
i love this! really fits the watch well and is very comfortable.
looks and feels good
fits perfect!
good product
good quality and price
one word:  gorgeous!  this band is truly great looking and i’ve received compliments on it.  fits well, seems sturdy, and would highly recommend.
great band. the color is vibrant and fits well on watch. also it was a great price.
comfy fit and great color!
loved the color fit perfect
i just ordered a black band for my watch. i love it. it feels just like the original band it came with. it also fits perfectly. i would definitely order more in different colors.
works good nice fit too
great band!
comfortable and good quality!
looks good and great fit
for the price, these are awesome!
great band for the price.  have had no problems.  i ordered black and the white.  both seemed to be great quality.
really nice
good quality and value.  the light pink color was just what i wanted. what you see is what you get. would purchase again
i love this watch band! i have the apple brand that came with my watch, but wanted a different color! i like it just as well as the expensive brand! i’ll be buying more-probably one of each color!
i love it. not a band for thick wrists though!
plain & simple. perfect fit. same as apple ones, but cheaper.
the band is very comfortable and fits the watch perfectly!
got the 38mm size.  the face is large, but more comfortable than another item i purchased.
i love my watch band.  easy to use.  looks just like the band that comes with the apple watch.  a fraction of the price.  works great.
quality has been excellent for almost 2 months now.  great price point.
good
nice
just like apples bands!
this band was great, an excellent value, and true to color. i would definitely recommend it! it also arrived super fast.
this is so similar to the apple brand.
love the color and quality. great band and great price!
was a gift for my daughter, she loves it
love how the black looks with my rose gold apple watch.
fits perfectly and feels great. i actually like it better than the actual apple product.
soft silicone material
amazing just like an original from apple minus the price 🙌🏾
perfect for the price, wish it came in yellow
excellent customer service and responsiveness! band is of great quality and fits like a charm. i’ll definitely purchase this again if i want a new sports band.
perfect fit and excellent quality.  i will probably purchase multiple colors!
love it, just what i expected. arrived on time.
a perfect baby blue color, and perfect size
love the color quick easy delivery and great price
i bought both the white and gray bands and love both of them! they are the exact same as the original band my watch came with.
soft and durable band. great color, great price. would purchase other others in the future.
i like how this the band feels and works, it's very close to the quality of an apple band, although i have only had it for a couple of weeks, we'll see after an extended use. overall i think for the price this is a very good product.
nice band, good quality. wld buy again.
great price, product received was as advertised.
love the watch band! great color, works perfectly with the watch. for under $10 each i can get a variety of colors to change up my look!
the colors are great, and they do have what looks like the same clasp that is secure that apple has, but they are definitely not nice and thick.  i bought four colors.  at that price, i was skeptical when i ordered them. and i see i was right, but will give them the benefit of the doubt.
the band feels very much like the apple band that came with the watch.  i liked it so well that i have ordered a second color.
i love my igk sport bands. they fit me perfect because my wrist is very small
it is a good product according to price.
band is durable, fits well, and changes out easily with my apple watch.
loved it thank you
this company is great! i had something happen to my first band and it was very easy to talk to customer service and they sent me another band the next day! i love it and i’m very satisfied with my product
awesome
exactly as described and super fast shipping.  thank you.  great quality and great band!
looks and fits perfectly. received it very quickly.
it looks like the apple brand version. easy to apply & switch out with other colors. no smell to it, lots of color options/combinations, as well as soft & flexible
don’t but from apple, buy from these guys. tried to show them to a friend and they didn’t even think it was a 3rd party brand. pretty much exactly like apple except for the marker that shows the size of the band. highly recommend
fits my watch perfectly
exactly as advertised. pro tip for anyone who would try to paint this, don’t. the silicone band (even when sanded) doesn’t accept paint and will chip.
great product
really cute easy to change out bands
excellent quality, fast shipping
great watch band. prompt delivery & good price.
i love the color of the blue band. i also got white and pink. love them!!!
just like description. and exactly like the sports bands that come with the apple watch for a much cheaper price. will definitely be ordering more colors.
super light weight.  the material is very soft.  i liked the large so i could adjust it better even though the small would have worked.  the price is great also.  i will be purchasing more colors here soon.
wasn’t expecting it to be this nice but reviews were great so i purchased. feels very soft. i love the color. we shall see how it lasts over time..
good quality. easy to change. just like original
super cute and simple — great quality for the price!
this band is an exact replacement for the apple watch.  i’ve ordered other bands elsewhere that were configured oddly but this one is perfect and offered at a great price point.
i’m glad i finally found a thicker band. all the others i ordered were flimsy.
these feels just like my apple bands!! it’s crazy how apple charges an arm and a leg for these bands when you can get them for so cheap on here! 100% going to buy more in different colors.
watch band fit great.  very similar to the actual apple watch bands for a fraction of the price.
just as decribed. nice bright red.
excellent product.  goes perfectly with rose gold watch.
i like this band.  very similar to the brand name one my coworker bought for 7 times the price.
i love this wristband !! fits perfectly and stays clean!!
great fit, comfortable, and durable.
love the color and it works great
exactly like my original apple band! love it!
fit my series 3 perfectly. really like the light weight feel compared to the standard sports band that comes with the apple watch.
this watch band is great! the one that came with my watch was grey, i like it but just wanted something different. the white one is the same material, i love it.
i got the one in grey and it’s absolutely perfect! love the color and quality of this band.
nice quality
i love this watch band! these bands are thin and are very durable. great band for the price. i have purchased a few different colors and live them all!
great band!! love the color!!
just like apple watch band but much better price
fast shipping (prime). good packaging. item as described. feels soft. installs easy. identical to apple brand.
i really love this band. i have a semi-larger wrist and it fits perfectly with room. it’s smooth and comfortable and looks great with my rose gold watch
product is as described
i am happy with the band. it fits just like my other band that came with the watch
loved the color, the fit and the ease of care.  it’s a great addition to my watch.
band is perfect - great quality, and so inexpensive! no reason to buy a silicone band from apple - order this one and save!
strap end tucks into slot on band on other side of watch so doesn’t catch on something causing watch to fall off wrist. also metal button holds well like original band. i would buy again.
arrived as shown very promptly
the price was great, arrived promptly.  i will probably order some more in different colors.  i am very satisfied.
just as advertised, works perfectly with my apple watch series 3, it feels safe, looks good and i even went to play soccer without taking my watch off and the band held perfectly. i just ordered 8 more in different colors
i like the unique blue color, the matte silicon finish, and the overall feel and quality. the band also snapped into place easily and clasps easily. great product.
feels pretty good.. i would buy more colors
apple quality at a fraction of the price!
love it
product is of excellent quality and comfortable. highly recommend and will purchase from this vendor again!
it is a good band. it just didn’t go with my rose color base of my iwatch. if i would have gotten the sliver base one it would of been perfect.
perfect fit
great
looks great! fits great!
fits great- very soft and comfortable!
i bought this black band for my 42mm apple watch series 3 & it is awesome! super durable, very nice feel to it (very soft), not as heavy as the original band but just as nice. for 6/7 bucks, cannot go wrong.
great band! fits well.
i purchased two of them. it fit my watch and it’s comparable to the apple brand. i would order again. great quality!
looks like the real deal
fits perfect!
this is a good quality band, has similar thickness to the apple brand silicone strap.  i'm satisfied with the quality of this purchase.
i can see no difference between this band and the $40 version apple offers...it's nice to be able to afford a variety of colors.
i really like the color of this watch and. it’s very comfortable to wear, also.
very well made and comfortable to wear, i will buy more.
this is great exactly like apple look and feel
looks good and the price is right
this band has a hint of lavender color to it. i actually liked it better than the picture.
love this band. fits just like the apple band and is great for the price.
nice for sports.
great quality.
great quality, feel, and color. will definitely order an additional color!
loved this band. super great price and so far no problems! totally beats spending $50 at the apple store. will be buying more!
perfect fit. looks great!
easy to put on and texture is similar to the apple band. in love with the navy blue and rose gold combination (v3). definitely would recommend.
matches great
i love it
i like everything about the band. fits perfectly and is very durable. would buy from same seller again.
apple stores sell watch bands for $40-$60. these are so cheap and work just as well! very happy with this buy.
love the band. exactly as described
comfortable, easy on/off
this fit my apple watch 3 perfectly. very satisfied
quick shipping. very happy with this band! great quality for a great price!
looks and feels just like the apple one that originally came with my watch. i will order another color.
fit as expected.
great product, durable, looks great!!! worth every penny!!!
these are my favorite types of bands.  it's comfortable, smooth and clicks closed easily.  i love the wine color for the fall/winter season!
i was a bit skeptical because of the great price but the quality is just as good as the nike band that came on my apple watch! i will be ordering from this company again.
great product!!!!
love everything about it especially the price
i love the color, it’s completely worth buying it! love the quality and the color of the band is so beautiful that it literally motivates me to wear the watch everyday.
nice band, fits good.
great quality and fit!
as described
best wristbands on the market!
the watch band arrived on time and  fits perfectly on my watch.  great quality band!  i would recommend this purchase if you are in the market for additional colored watch bands.
a great product. will buy again in new colors.
fits, feels great and especially like the low price! worth the investment ;)
easy to work in i'm in a hospital and gelling in and out all day long washing my hands gloves on and off all day, soft and comfortable.  a little thinner than the apple ones i like the differance.
love this band! it’s so comfortable.
amazing great size as described
excellent product. true to its description.
great. exactly what i was looking for and priced perfectly. fits well and is a bit lighter in weight than the original band.
fits my iwatch perfect! looks just like the apple but a better price!
very nice apple watch band replica. also purchased in wine color. will definitely buy more!!!
exactly as advertised. very comfortable and appears durable. secures well and adjustable. if normal sized man, consider m/lg as it seems a tad on small side.
really nice color and quality. looks like the original band. very easy and fast to install.
love the color! exactly what i was expecting at a great price.
so far, i am extremely  happy with this watchband. love the dark blue color and sure can't beat the price.
it was really easy and comfortable for my wrist. i’m very satisfied that i found something so good for such a great price
love it! goes with everything!
great watch band.  was a little longer than the one that came with the watch which is much better to deal with putting it on.  love it!  i have more that i've ordered that are on the way.
i love this band! i am a nurse and it holds up against constant wear and bleach cleaning. it is a tad thinner than original apple bands and much more comfortable.
feels like an original i watch band.
the band looks great and was so easy to change! love it! for this price i’ll be grabbing more colors.
for a silicone bad, you really cannot tell the difference while wearing it. it feels like the original band and it functions as it should.
i really like it the bands. the installation is easy, the material is perfect, it is very easy to clean.  and it adjust perfect to my wrist.
good quality, like the original. like it very much.
i’m kicking myself for ever purchasing the 50$ apple band last year. this band was exactly the same, same thickness, length and more importantly the same quality. definitely will be ordering more colors soon!
same great quality that apple has, just a fraction of the price. hasn’t stretched out too much, stays put over night, doesn’t fall off during workouts. already bought a second color, and will definitely be getting more!
fits like original band. very comfortable to wear
apple watch...i enjoy changing the band colors.  this is a very good quality band...i am pleased!
very comfortable! love all the color choices.
soft and fit perfect. delivery was quick!
fit perfect
super cute and comfy! absolutely love it
es perfecto y cómodo
watch band is very compatible...
colors are nice, they feel good, a bit flimsy, but much cheaper than the apple branded bands.
good product ..!!!! i purchased 4 bands and you can’t tell the difference from the apple one. its also a great price. will buy again..!!!!!
if you’re looking for a band similar to the apple one, this is it.
great product with good quality. it’s impossible to say that it is not a original apple product.
i love the band. it is not as "soft" as the apple brand but the color is just what i wanted for a fraction of the cost. i would recommend.
works well. nice band.
it was exactly what i expected definitely recommend
fits great and looks great
it was exactly like the band that came with my watch. perfect fit! i love the color choices.
the material feels great and is everything that it says it is.
delivery was fast and item was exactly as described.
i love the band and will probably order another in a different color! great value!
exactly what i expected!.  no surprises.
i got the white band and love it.  soft and flexible, easy to put on.  can't go wrong with this one
fit apple watch perfectly.  great navy color.  as described.
perfect!
was exactly what i expected
i am very pleased with the product. i was skeptical at first with how cheap it was. i will definitely order again. color was exactly what i was expecting.
looks great with watch!
lightweight and durable. fits just like the apple brand. i’m going to have to buy more in different colors!
watch band exactly what i wanted
this is a great sport band and fits perfect for my series 1 iwatch
red wine is a beautiful color. the band is lighter than the apple bands but it fits nicely and feel comfortable around my wrist!
great band.  similar to the apple brand bands but 1/10 the price.  quality is great.
had for a week now , it’s comfortable and the holes make my wrist breath so it’s great the only bad side is dirt can stick to it a little but nothing crazy i promise will buy again
sturdy and beautiful!
the band is quite good.  i am not sure but i feel it is just a bit thinner than the original strap i have which is a nike band.  anyway i still like it.
i am happy with it. it isn’t as tough as the band that comes with the watch. seems like it’s gotten looser since i first bought it. but i am over all happy with it so far.
this is a nice quality band but i expected the large to be larger. the biggest it goes is about 8.5 inches, my husbands wrist is too big and it’s the largest size. when comparing it to the original apple band the material is a little thicker and more rigid but still feels nice.
looks good and fits well.
this band is identical in style to one that came with the watch. i would highly recommend it to anyone wanting multiple bands. it is easy to put on.
just like the ones you get with the watch.
the color is bright & the quality of the band is really good. super comfortable to wear all day. fits the watch well too.
i've been looking for a cheap blank bland for my apple watch.  this band is it!  it is a quality band, looks good and was cheap!
very pretty. very comfortable.
it’s comfortable
shipped fast! perfect fit!
perfect and comfortable fit. seems like good quality and i’m happy i chose this product.
received this band today and it is fantastic. very durable feeling and feels just like the real thing. the magnetic strip slides in perfectly and fits like a charm.
these are great! i ordered two different colors and both look just like what i could have gotten from apple but at a great price! i will order more colors!
very good quality and love the maroon color!
perfect!!!
very nice watch band for the price and gives a look to my gold apple watch 2.  fit into the slots of the watch is a little loose but plenty secure
perfect fit
love the color and the ease of installing the watch.
product is exactly what i ordered and wanted.
love it! excellent quality
just like apple. fraction of the price. high quality. highly recommended
i love the band! it fits great...feels just like an apple band. just ordered 2 more!
the band was just as pictured & very easy to put on the apple watch!
great product at a great price. very pleasantly surprised.
just what i wanted. thank you!
fits great size s/m. i love it. i will be buying other colors.
it’s a lot lighter blue than the image
looks and feels just like the apple watch bands!! same features: attaches to the watch just like the original, single silver peg/slip loop design
watch band was delivered promptly. nice color band is very true to advertised color. fits well and is very comfortable. i really like the soft feel. plan to buy a few more colors.
this item is great. can't tell much of a difference vs apple brand. would definitely buy again.
i like that this band, looks and feels great.
love it!
just what i wanted. it looks exactly like the white one that came with my iwatch. i will be buying more colors from this company.
nice lighter weight than the brand name apple bands.  will order more!  price is great.
watchband arrived as promised. the quality is as good as similar apple bands at a fraction of the cost.
love the color! awesome band! equal to an actual band that you would buy from the apple store that of course is more pricey!
fits perfectly for my wife's watch
excellent quality and the color is just what i was looking for. very comfortable!!
exactly as described. replaced my lime green apple band. easy to switch out. looks great and easy on my wallet.
:)
great quality for the price. i will buy other colors.
i love my band for my apple watch it is great quality for great price. i needed a navy band and it’s perfect.
love it!  it’s the perfect color of pink!
fits perfectly and comfortable. thanks
nice color!!
this was exactly what i expected. great quality product, easy to add to your watch.
still have my apple watch so it works 🤪
love it
i ordered this in black and it's very nice and looks just like it was bought from apple.
súper good and material is super soft, would definitely buy again in many more colors
this is exactly the same as the apple on e but so much cheaper, if you’re doubting whether to get it or not, get it!
great product. great price
it's a good band
perfect!
very pleased with product. looks and feels like the applewatch band that comes with the watch.
love it and it’s exactly is the picture works great
arrived quickly and as ordered. comfortable and looks great with my watch.
fits perfect.
it looks like the original
i like it a lot.  color is what i wanted.
very easy to attach to the watch, and very comfortable.  much better than the fabric strap i had which absorbed perspiration!
look just like the original apple watch band. the red color match the back of my red iphone 8plus
comfortable to wear, feels thinner and lighter than the original watch band,  love it.
blue is my favorite color, so once i seen this band, i knew i had to have it. it fits perfectly and i had no problem once it arrived. i definitely recommend this product!
love it. love the color and quality
fits great, and makes my apple watch look nice and and new. good quality, easy to put on.
loved the watch band!! it worked well for the series 3 watch
fits just like my original band.
the color is perfect!  good quality..  all good.
high quality silicone watch band. perfect fit.
great quality!  i will definitely buy in other colors!
love it! looks great and feels awesome on y wrist!
great looking band, just as described.
i prefer to try to match my band to my clothes.  nice quality!!
fit perfectly, works great with the band, solid band.
nice soft feel! fits perfect around my wrist. great price for the quality. happy with this purchase!
i loved the watch band. good quality and looks like the real thing from apple, at a much better price!! very satisfied
love it
love the color, good quality.
price was very reasonable and band stays on.
great watch band, comfortable and stays on the wrist.  very easy to clean.
great band for fraction of the price
love the color. i have a small wrist so it fits a little big but i’m ok with that. good quality so far.
color is brighter than i wanted but fits perfectly
just like the original but a lot less expensive.
so far i am really liking this apple watch band.
love ut
shipping was extremely fast, band is exact color shown, very light weight, easy to attach to apple watch. love it!!
good quality and color. you can’t even tell it’s not an apple brand band.
love it ! looks and feels great !
love the color! fit perfectly, and very comfortable to wear!
this product was exactly what i expected it to be! fits great!
great product.  i’ve ordered multiple colors
band was just described fit well.
arrived quickly. excellent quality.
fits just right. love the pale pink color.
matches everything good quality
this band is perfect. just exactly what i expected.  maybe better
perfect color and fits well! have had mulitiple compliments.
loved the apple watch sport bands. they arrived very quickly and fit perfectly. colors are as described. will order again from this seller!
perfect fit, looks great, easy to clean and durable. plus only a fraction of the price at apple store.
this band looks just like my apple band but i get to change the colors. it fits well & i love it! must buy.
love the color and the quality. cannot tell a difference in it and the much more expensive apple band. i’m going to order every color!
it looks great & feels great. very deep black almost velvety.
looks good and fits securely on the watch. better than some earlier versions. great value for the price.
nice band. it seems to be holding up well!!!!
love the color
i’ve always wanted a white sports band and i love it! looks amazing and stays closed.
this band is great. the color is nice and i don’t see any difference between this band and the apple brand band. great price.
love the color and it fits just like the apple watch band!!
love it
i love this band! i brought two colors, light blue and red. good quality and great price
very comfortable and fits just like the original band that came with my watch! i will be ordering more!
great product and fast delivery
i love these bands. i almost have all the colors. recently, i had an issue with one and they quickly fixed it. i recommend.
i really like it because it sits in place and easy to put on! and with the magnet it’s even easier!
my daughter really like this color with the rose gold!
don’t let the price fool you, these are of great quality. i actually think they are softer / more comfortable than the apple brand.
the fit is perfect. the color is beautiful.
the band fits and looks great!
just like the one that would have come with the apple watch. good product. no issues. easy to install and use. perfect fit!
i ordered this for my teenager and she absolutely loves it and it fits perfect!
buy with confidence
love the band!
good!
this band is the bomb! i change my band twice a month, so having so many color options is amazing! definitely worth the price!
good build quality. very similar to the much more expensive apple product. great color.
i like the band a lot. it fits perfectly and i plan on wearing as my summer band.
this is like the original apple band... the soft silicon feel.. very easy to put on and take off.
this met all my expectations and more.
fits my watch perfectly and arrived on time as promised.
comfy, secures nicely (unlike some non-apple bands i have purchased in the past)
love the color
quick shipping. very comfortable, so far so good.
looks and fits like the apple brand brand.
true to description. fits perfect doesn’t stain so easily easy to clean
this arrived quickly and was exactly what i wanted
i love that it feels good & stays on!  true to color
exactly what you would buy in the apple store only much more convenient!
love it. will order another color soon
love it looks awesome i recommend to anyone. 💯🔥
looks like an original apple band for way less! great quality and super fast shipping, thanks guys!
love this band! very lightweight and comfortable but still looks almost identical to the apple version.. except way cheaper! will be buying more!
seems secure. love the color.
love my band. dirty proof
love these bands, beautiful colors and so comfortable!  going to get more colors!
the band is perfect!! very good product and a great price too, i plan to get more colors in the future!
i love this band it was perfect size and it goes well with my watch. i will highly recommend this product.
so cute and comfy!! we bought several colors!!
love it!!! don’t spend the money for an apple band
this band feels and looks great. i would recommend.
very happy with this watch band. good quality and beats paying apple prices for their bands. good quality i like it a lot cannot wait to get the black one! yay
love it!  perfect accessory for the summer!
my grand daughter loved it !!
color and fit both good!
ordered/received 2 sport bands for apple watch. arrived promptly. so far, no discernible difference in quality from the original apple band. i’ll b ordering more colors !
great
es como esperaba
perfect
the small size is perfect fit, the feel is slim and lite, i didn’t think i would like them, but i do keeping them
great quality! will order again!
very happy with the watch band.  i had been looking for that color.  goes perfect with the color i needed it for.
it was exactly what i wanted, the right size and of good quality!
nice watch band...great ability to change looks
love it!
very nice band.  the blue color is perfect!
just as pictured
this product is comfortable and matches the color of the display model. i would recommend this brand for others who are searching for new, replacement bands.
great love it
this is such a great purchase! the band is of high quality and looks just like an
loved the band for my apple watch. easy to install and very comfortable.
perfect. color is great. delivery prompt. packaged well. will definitely buy again.
love this watch band. will be ordering more!
just what i wanted!
arrived on time as promised. perfect fit and color. my fiancé is happy with her gift.
love it!
fits my apple watch 3 perfectly. wanted the white band for summer and it looks great!
band came super quick and works great. love the white color! can’t beat the price either!
great buy for my new apple watch!! thank you!!
love my new band and color!
nice.
good enough
i am happy with my new pink apple watch band. the color is exactly as shown. it is just slightly thinner than they one the watch came with (cheaper material) so far no issues.
decent band, works as intended.
product is great, just like the original band that comes with the apple watch.
this band is beautiful!! exactly what i was looking for! the color is stunning i’m obsessed!!
quality is amazing! fits perfectly and looks great. i can’t tell the difference between the apple name brand product and this one.
love the band and the color. the color was exactly i what i saw. i got the s/m which fits very well. will order more colors.
good quality! i like it a lot.
love that it fits the watch perfectly and is the correct size for me.
i used this product for my apple watch & it was awesome!!!!! it’s just like the one from the official apple store plus you save money!!!!🤗
👌
very comfortable, easy to use
love! actual picture is what i received and looks just like the original apple band
the watch band came just as described online.  it is a perfect fit.
this band was easy to put on and is working very well.
this band is awesome and affordable. i wish i could order apple watch face in a variety of colors i only have rose good
good quality
works well and i love the color.
this was a birthday gift
came quickly. great color!
love the black!!! great band fits perfect!
good quality. comfortable and it looks great.
fits great ! it’s very comfortable and the grey is true to the color advertised. very happy with my purchase!
bought this for my daughter and she loves it. has said it feels just as good as the original band that came with her apple watch.
the watch bands are good quality and excellent for the price. they are bout 80% cheaper than ones being offered by apple
really lightweight. almost like it more than the apple bands! easy to clean, attach to watch, and fasten. 5 stars.
perfect size and good quality , affordable
it looks nice
fits my apple watch perfectly! good material, nice quality. received it on time, just loved it!!
very pleased with he quality of this band.  better than i expected for the price.  will definitely purchase more in the future.
great buy
great fit usually they run small
love it! it’s soft doesn’t dig into skin, not difficult to put on. great product!
great color as described
runs small.  don't get s/m size as they are apparently made for little tiny baby wrists. besides not fitting, it's perfect.
would purchase again. same quality as sport bands made by apple
good quality!
great product - i plan to buy more in different colors.
this is my favorite seller to buy these from now. they feel just like the apple brand.
fits great
beautiful color and great quality
love this watch band!! it is almost identical to my apple one at a fraction of the price and functions the exact same way!
great product for the price!
i love the band it is so soft and a perfect fit.
love this band!  much softer than the actual apple bands.
i have been wanting to “upgrade” the look of my apple watch and these bands do exactly that!  feel great and are wonderful!
i love my watch band! i’ve had my watch for three years and finally decided to buy a new watch band! can’t go wrong with white.
i had no problem with the band. the color is true to picture. the quality of the band is cool especially for the price that was paid.
looks pretty
purchased this as a replacement band for my original apple sport band.  was very pleased with the quality and fit, especially for the cost!
feels just like the band that came with the watch. i like the subtle gray color.
can’t even tell it didn’t originally come with the watch. v nice
just what i was wanting! comfortable band and loved the price! i will purchase more colors!! fast shipping! couldn’t believe i got it so fast!
the band fits perfectly on my apple watch. no issues.
great quality nice color.. will deff order more colors from this company
like the colors, fits to the watch.  friends like it and want to order.  less like shipping transit time.
beats paying $50 for the apple version. fits fine, feels slightly less sturdy than the band that came with the watch but will do the job.
fits great and arrived promptly
does the job and was affordable!  recommend it
like the color a lot -- delivery as promised, packaged well.  i'm very pleased with this band.
love the new band.  will definitely buy other colors!
this price was great.  now there are options to apple watch bands that are affordable other than the apple store.
nice band for the money. has held up
love this product would buy again
love the color. looks exactly like my apple brand band i bought m.
this watch band works perfectly for my work clothes and looks professional also. very pleased with this purchase!
i really like it for the price. i’ve only had it for 3 days. so far so good.
always receive compliments on my bands!  love!!
good quality and almost like the original at a fraction of the price! get it!
quality and fit-great
very soft and flexible
the watch band fits great. goes into the watch perfect. love the color. going to purchase more colors from them.
this works perfectly for my iwatch and doesn’t get undone or anything. works great.
love this band..feels like original apple silicon band..great product
the color was a beautiful navy and seems to be a great quality for the price! i’ll definitely be buying more!
loved the color and it feels so authentic!
love the new color band! comfortable and a great color!
great quality- especially for the price!
great quality and fit!
super comfortable
attaches easily to the watch. the clasp is secure.
i loved this band! just like an apple watch one.
i bought this band for my girlfriend. she likes it. so i’m good! thank you for providing a high quality product at an affordable price!!
why pay high prices for sport bands for your apple watch? this product looks and feels exactly like the higher priced bands.
watch band came quickly and is the perfect size / fit. i've already worn almost every day since purchasing.
good quality. good color.
great fit for my watch.
easy to change out and nice design.  great price!
looks and feels just like the original apple bands!
perfect replacement and great price compared to the ones from apple!
i purchased the band for my apple 38mm apple watch. it looks great and is very comfortable.
great quality & fast shipping! looks exactly as i expected it to based on pics on amazon.
great band, nice material and shipping was easy and fast with amazon prime.
i like the product a lot. it’s exactly what is described. will buy a different color next time,
it was just as described and it fits and works perfectly!!
fits well and order was  delivered on time
i would buy again!
i'm very satisfied with my two new silicone sports  strap. i just wish i purchased more in different colors.
looooovin’ this wine color!! it’s a little darker in person than in the stock photo. but i absolutely love it! ⌚️🍷
it was exactly as expected and shipping was fast.
looks just like the pic!
great watch band. can't compare to original band as my watch did not come with this style but works 100% on my gen 3 42mm apple watch.
this looks exactly like tube original apple bands
i love the color and i replaced for old apple watch band. it look very nice and the size was good
awesome watch band... exactly as described can’t tell the difference between this one and the stock one. thanks!!
loved this gray color, will order again for different colors!
very good!
product as described fits series 3 perfectly.
looks great on my wife's rose gold watch
great quality
it is a nice band with reasonable price. newly purchases. need to test for quality and update the review after 1-2 months
really liked this band. fits great and great quality!! have gotten many compliments on this band.  would definitely order again!
looks sleek and stays on well. it is a little long, as i usually wear it on the middle holes but this one wear on the second to smallest.
the band is soft and fits like a regular apple band.  the color is true to what you see onscreen.
love them
just like the original apple band. soft, perfect size and just as promised!
great band. fits well. got the small/medium and it’s perfect. feels good and fits well on the wrist.
i love my new watch band.  i really love all of the colors.
love it
it was a great fit, the color was exact,  its soft and durable, i will defiantly be ordering more!!!
low price and it looks exactly the same as apple’s.
as expected
very comparable to the apple brand but much less!
love this band. super comfortable and fashionable.
perfect affordable way to change your bands when you want!
i love this wristband, it fit perfectly on my watch, it’s definitely worth the price
great
arrived quickly and was exactly the color i expected!!!!  yay!
equal to an apple band that would've cost six or seven times more!
just as advertised. easy to put on, giod color. love it. great value.
it looks just like the picture i'm very pleased by the quality and the color of this band.
exactly as described. very good
band fits and looks great.
fits good. love it. color is great
muy bueno
quality just as good as the strap from apple. will purchase another!
looks and feels like the apple band! but much greater quality when it comes to cleaning off any stains
i love this watch band. it feels just like the one that came on my watch.
excellent quality sport band.
works great, a little hard to get on but nice and tight as it should be.
perfect for my apple watch
looks & feels great.
the band was exactly what i was wanting. quick shipping and great quality.
i liked the band good quality and i am planning to order a second one different color.
fits well, great alternative to apple's $50 version.
exactly what i was looking for and the quality was beyond my expectations! very satisfied with this product.
i liked it so much i ordered another one! great product and great price.
very comfortable
i love the band! beautiful color and most importantly, good quality! i will buy all the colors!
color is true. quality of band is very good.
i love it feels like an original apple band and it does not irritate my skin
this was an excellent choice. nice and clean. nice fit also.
durable and easy to clean off
just right for people who have big wrists. i ordered the m/l size and it fits perfect.
fits perfectly. can’t even tell it’s not an apple brand wristband!
got exactly what i expected. would do business again
i love this band.  its durable and inexpensive.  definitely worth the purchase.
color exactly what i wanted!
great! just what i was looking for.
awesome band. comfortable, durable, cost efficient.
great product.
the wife loves it.  perfect fit.  only about 2 weeks old but seems like it should last.  fast shipping. gotta love that prime!
perfect fit! the color was exactly what i was hoping for!
super cute for my 42mm love it
great color! fits perfectly! great price!
fits just the original band received with my apple watch. i’ll order more in different colors for sure.
i like my watch bands very much.
very similar to the original band that comes with watch!
looks and feels like an oem quality band.
exactly like the bands you get from apple, only a frac of the price!
looks absolutely gorgeous with my rose gold watch
looks just like the apple version.
love my new band!!
great product!
good after market band. get lots of compliments
i am so impressed with these bands! they look and feel just like the apple ones, only $44 cheaper. why pay more??
love it!!!
i thought it was shady since they didnt post a real picture of the product, but honestly im amazed of its quality
very comfortable...absolutely love the color!!!!!!!
my husband really liked the midnight blue color and prefers the sport band over traditional watch strap style.
great color, fits and looks exactly like an actually apple brand
band fits perfect and is very comfortable
beautiful
works like original apple band
i absolutely love it
great quality and looks great!
the product was exactly like the picture it was easy to put on and easy to take off it's just nice overall.
fits perfect, great deal. will buy more colors and will buy from this company again.
good description. color matches photo almost perfectly.
i never usually review but this product looks and feels just like an apple product! the only difference is it’s cheaper.
it is exactly as i wanted.
perfect fit, exactly as described- i ordered 3 more colors after receiving the 1st one.
great item.
me encanto
great band! very easy to install! very comfortable.
great fit and love the color
received on time and the product was according to what i expected and saw in the link.
lighter and slimmer than the standard apple bands. i definitely like it more!!
love it -will be ordering more colors
cute for my bf
exactly what i wanted
great gift for my wife
excelente
very satisfied!
it is a great band. it is comfortable and stays secure.
can't tell the difference between this and the "real" apple version.  well worth the $$.
love
love! it is a great sporty band that is easy to wear!
great band! love the color with the rose gold watch. the clasp is tight and stays in place while working out.
i love the color & the quality
happy with product! good price!
identical to the original apple band for a fraction of the price.
the sport band looks just like the one that came on my watch from apple. plus saving $30+ dollars is awesome!
great quality, comfortable, and look and feel good.  bought for the gym but wear for all occasions.
love it
the band was the correct product. good fit, nice look.
arrived fast.its okay. fits great!!
great quality. quick delivery
great band, great color, great price!
great item!  flexible band.  easy on and off watch face.  will be ordering more colors.
first of all i loved the price and the quality is pretty good looks just like the apple one love it
good quality reasonable price
really like the band.
love it!  will buy from seller again!
love it
worked great for my watch
loved the color. looks and feels just like an apple wrist band
awesome band.  just the same as the $50 apple band.  i will buy more colors for sure.
good fit, i bought to wear casually and it’s something that wouldn’t get ruined easily. would recommend.
watch band fits my small wrist well. bought this band for the pool. the band handles the chlorine well.
love this band. it’s a really pretty shade of pink especially for spring/summer time
the band fit on my series one with no problems and is very comfortable .great band at a great price
great fit and comfort! looks exactly like it was advertised. very pleased!
great band that look really good with white apple watch.
it’s perfect!
pretty color, easy to put on, comfortable. very swift delivery. will definitely buy more colors.
. love it!!!!!😀just like the original band the apple watch came with. i ordered another one.
real white
accurate color in person compared to online pics. looks exactly like my apple brand band. perfect fit.
nice band!  feels just as good as the ones from apple
i love the band and it feels great.
comfortable band! great price. cleans up easily and is good quality. no complaints!
love the comfort & it’s a perfect coloy
it is more sturdy than most silicone bands.
product delivers was as expected
great quality strap! love the deep red wine color!
it’s a great band
color is true to pic. quality is great. slides on and off easily.
great band
looks good. works fine. gentle on skin. happy with it.
like it just the right size
love the design and price couldn’t ask for a better band for my iwatch.
fit perfectly with my 42 mm watch. it looks so sleek with my rose gold face. would definitely buy again.
watch band is bright white, cleans easily and fits nice.
product is good, however, the color is different than the blue i chose.
i love it .. and i just ordered the white face to match:)
fits perfectly, comfortable.
nice and very sporty
the watch and was great 👍🏻 just like the original apple band.
i like it
fits perfect
perfect white and exactly what i wanted.
👍🏽
i'm very glad i purchased this band. it is very comfortable and fits well!
nice product and great price
love it. good quality and the white stays white/clean as i do a lot of outdoor activities.
i liked the color. awesome product.
this ban is the same quality as the original one
very satisfied with this item. i will be ordering more from them for sure.
very comfortable and fits well.
perfect fit and comfortable
love the color and it fits well.
durable and sizing is accurate.
i love it. it’s the same quality as the $50 one in the store.
good quality just a brighter pink than i was anticipating.
great band. color is how it looks online and it feels like it’s good quality.
love this. it’s the exact same band as the one the apple watch comes with. love my tiffany blue color.
love how smooth and comfortable they are.
awesome quality and it’s stylish!
color is perfect! fit is perfect! price is perfect!
the bands shipped with prime which was great. great quality also
the band is great quality it reminds me of the apple watch bands
great color, worked as needed
excellent product!
this watch band seemed of equal quality to the watch band that came with my apple watch
looks great and is comfortable!
stylish color
love the color choices and great price!! i got pink and white for summer outfit coordination
perfect item
awesome product! very comfortable and color true to picture! would purchase again!
great price, stays on, &  easy to clean!
nice bands. i think they are real similar to my original band. price is good too.
great band! perfect fit!
great watch band. good quality and fast service!
kinda big
perfect for smaller wrist.
good color and value !
the colors was just right and just want i was looking for
perfect watch band, identical to apple product! true to sizing!
great
fit perfect. color as expected
exactly like the apple brand! will be ordering more...
very nice look, good quality, super easy to install. recommended.
el color es espectacular
loved the band better than the one that came with it
love it the band is much bigger and i think i’ll get one in each color
me agrado muchisimo vale la pena..
true to it’s name. it’s a beautiful dark blue and great material
love the navy band with my rose gold apple watch!!
very pleased. will order more colors in the future.
exactly as advertised...except being royal blue. the color is as advertised.
just like the apple brand. absolutely love
great fit.  came exactly as how it looked from the ad.
not quite the quality of apple, but definitely comparable! would definitely recommend.
very pleased with it looks good love it and would defiantly purchase again.
i love it
great price and band for iwatch, will definitely get more of these.
great price. fast service
i'm as i glad i bought these here. they wanted 5 times the money at other retailers. it fits and looks nice.
fits my series 1 watch perfectly and looks fantastic!!
this watch band is awesome! very worth it!
it was great
arrived on time in the perfect condition. very easy to use. i love it.
love this product! fast shipping and exactly as described! highly recommended. :-)
very happy with the black band, love it with the silver face watch!
just what i wanted.
color is cute and fits perfect. i'm buying more bands
loved this! exactly what i was looking for. came on time and packaged really well!!
happy with style, cost and look of the bands.
good quality product.
fits perfectly and goes on easily
fits my 38mm apple watch perfectly.
great quality and color is awesome! just what i was expecting.
product was a gift for my daughter. she loved it
very excellent band at a great value!
just like my original sport band! great fit and feel
love it...great item!
fitted good
great product and arrived quick
loved the color!
the band was what i expected and delivery was quick .
looks and fits like the original!  a nice red, an orange-red.
great fit for my apple watch.
nice matte black and comfortable
perfect!!!
great product. fits perfectly and is strong!
really needed
same as description. fits great !
nice colors fits great!
nice maroon color, nice band.
very nice and will be buying other colors.
i am pleased with the apple watch band. no issues.
very soft and fits perfectly on your wrist
love this band!  exactly what i wanted!
received on time and really like the color.
great product!
great band! feels like the real apple band
really like the navy blue color. very sleek looking and fits perfect
just like the original band! affordable and good quality !
love the color and the material
works great and fits great
works as expected at a fraction of the price.
fits good
easy to get on and off, comfortable, looks good
nice
exactly what i was looking for!!!
looks and fits like an real apple band. color is nice.
just like the one that comes with the watch
great apple watch band fits perfect and good price . very satisfied
great item, perfect fit. bought for my daughter
very good  quality
love it. quality item.
looks great on the watch
great band overall, quality and appearance!
love the color and the fell of the band.
excellent!!
great values.
perfect. looks great and fits well
it’s very comfortable and easy to change to another band.
soft and flexible. very comfortable.
great! it fits perfect
muy bien. como original
just as good as apple brand but at a much cheaper price!
great product and very inexpensive!
impressed with the quality, especially for the price!
a perfect fit! thank you!
exactly what i wanted.
nice all around
love the color and it fits well. just wanted a different look so i may order another.
perfect fit for my apple watch. good quality and it looks great!
was exactly what i expected when i ordered. came in a timely fashion.
love my band, love the price too! it’s the same quality that would come at a much higher price!
so far so good!! love the color, also the fit and the price!! will buy from again!! thank you!
i really like this. you can’t beat it for the price!!
soft flexible just as pictured. love it.
no difference between this one and the apple one.
size small. all good
for the price the quality is actually really nice. no complaints here. will be back on future.
love the color... and it fits perfectly
bien
just as described
navy blue is the way to go! good quality
perfect band. just wish i had ordered more.
this was a perfect fit!!
i love this watch band. great product for a great price.
muy buena calidad
price was good. fits well.
item came on time. looks perfect!
love the color
love the color it looks way better in person
great product. came fast & as described.
love it
it’s great! fits perfectly
exactly what i expected. just like the original
shipping was fast and it was exactly what i expected:)
looks just like the one from apple.
love it
i love the color and comfort of the sport band. the price was also very affordable.
it was a gift and my husband loved it.  great quality for a reasonable price.
very nice and great price! think i will be getting more colors!
the band looks great with nice color. highly recommended!
i love it! just what i was looking for!!
great price for these bands. at this price you can buy several to match your outfits.
product as advertised, arrived in timely manner, no issues.
good quality. perfect fit!
it is a very nice product!  and very reasonably priced.
good
great quality.  will buy more and different colors
the color is beautiful! just what i hoped for!
great product
it fits perfect and super comfortable.
fits great.  looks great.  exactly like my apple brand only cheaper
love that i can switch it up!
love it
i bought it for my wife and she loves it. great product and great price.
just a promised, beautiful color of blue.
as described, worth the price.
love the color! price is great.
awesome product, just as described. fit perfect with my apple watch.
works great and looks great!
fits so well and it looks just like an apple brand watch band
was easy to install
fits perfectly
excellent replacement for my band
love the band.  great quality and price!  would definitely order again.
great!! just like original band.
fit great into the band and is more comfortable than a regular apple watch band
me gusto mucho
okay
fast deliver. product as expected.
love this band! it’s comfortable and perfect red color
love the band!! it’s comfortable and the fit was perfect!
the color is as in the picture. good quality for the price.
love it
great quality for a great price.  the style and fit are just like the apple brand.
love it!
looks, fits, and feels just like the apple bands! love it!
good quality!
perfect!
it is exactly the same as the original
fit perfect
great product, the only issue was it took over a week to arrive
great product , exactly as advertised.
good
product was exactly like discribed!
awesome quality. love this band
i love it!!!
love this product fits very good!!!
no dislike fit perfect!
love it. looks official
fits great
beautiful
i like the sorts band is very soft and looks good
it was perfect, the color the material, everything 100% recommended!!!
great!
great
i liked everything and i used it for a band for my apple watch
it fits perfectly and the color is amazing.
great deal
fits perfect!
awesome
great band fits well and the price was just right
love it
awesome deal - feel bad for people paying price at apple.
good product
great sport band watch for quality and price!
nice color and fit
soft and bright white! looks better than invthe photo and fits perfect !
it’s awesome product!
liked the color, and fit perfectly!
love my apple watch band and such a great price! great quality!
great fit and color! great buy!!!
i love it!! i need another color!!
feels great and looks great.
as expected!
the band is smooth and very high quality!
love it
perfect
better than i thought it was going to be! thanks!
it’s perfect! i love the color!
quality band....will buy again!
perfect! exactly what i wanted.
perfect 😍
perfect shade of pink! delivered very timely too!
it was exactly what i wanted and such a good price
fits great!
i love this product, very good for the money
good fit and feel.
beautiful and price was right!😄
love the band very nice quality and durability
everything that i expected
love the color
show
fits perfect and i do like the texture and color.
awesome for a small wrist like mine! it’s also exactly as pictured ❤️❤️
got it very quickly, just as pictured!
it feels so velvety soft!
good quality
great fitting watch band. really like the style also!!!
everything i was expecting and more, great quality and color!
received with no issues and promptly. great buy
it’s great! fits the watch perfectly. great value
great product. we ordered 2
loved my sports band
just as good as the apple band
very nice
exactly what i expected! fits great and looks great. definitely recommend!
great color and great fit
love it
great delivery time. just what i wanted
i like having an everyday band to wear with jeans
product is as advertised. very pleased
like the quality, iphone watch
great quality & fast shipping
very good band very durable
it’s a very good band. liked the material a lot.
looks the same as original apple band! love it!
good quality
as advertised, great item! thank you!
amazing band, great replacement for the original!
good stuff , thumbs up
solid band for the $.  little thinner than original band.
perfect! quality is a+++
fits perfect great quality
love my bands very similar to the apple
nice color!
good value for the price
just as described
love this!  i will definitely order this again !
awesome for the price.
perfect fit love it !
love,it thank you!!!
very good
great color and fit perfect
it was an exact match to my size watch.
excellent watch band. highly recommend!
product came quickly and quality is great!
i love it. it fits so comfortable around my wrist
excellent product
like the original
fast shipping and a quality item
my favorite color!!
5 thumbs up
product looks just like what i ordered
easy to install. very good quality.
a band for my son’s new apple watch. he loves it.
great product!
looks and fits great!
great price for good quality!
great band very comfortable!!! and at a great price!
thanks
great watch. great price. great color.
i really like it!!!! 👍🏻
very good
just what i was looking for!
fits perfectly. love the look and feel of the strap. good quality
perfect fit and color. definitely will buy again.
excellent replacement band. so smooth and pretty.
awesome work our band
feels good and looks good
comfortable
nice band!
easy to change out and very sporty. will order more colors!!
love the color and how it fits
definitely going to order more
color beautiful & what i expected
love this band! stylish and great for the gym!
great quality for an awesome price!
great! love the color!
love it.
the band came in and is perfect! thank you
just like the original- great product.
love love the color. its a super cute baby soft pink
love it and the color! perfect fit
love it, very comfortable and fits very nicely.
wonderful! just as described!
great purchase. fits perfectly.
exactly as expected. true to color!
great color, high quality band
i love it..
love the color
awesome loved it
i was pleased with the product. would definitely buy again .
beautiful color and comfortable strap.
delivery was timely, band is beautiful!
arrived fast and as described
fits good overall i like it a lot
i love it ❤️❤️❤️❤️ fit is perfect
very good value and quality!
very comfortable, highly recommend!
good material and feel comfortable
item came just as described.
great product at a very reasonable price!
love it
fits perfect, good quality.
great quality
great value
as pictured! just like the original
product is great and love the color
love it. just as good as the apple watch band!
the color and size are perfect!
i like it very much as. was very satisfied
good quality for the price
love the color.
it’s a quite good product. it’s soft and nice.
perfect size
great product for a great price!
this band is perfect! definitely recommend.
exactly as advertised. thanks
came as expected, fits well and looks great.
the band arrived super fast and is really comfortable.
such a pretty color blue.
great watch band
just like what you get from apple when purchasing watch.
fits perfect!!!
love it! simple very comfortable
it’s nice! i really love it😍
not disappointed
i loved the material of the band!
it was just what i wanted.  fast delivery too.
color was as expected and fit perfect!
love it!
great band. flexible comfortable.
fits perfectly
great band
used it for my iphone
love the color and how it fits
thanks
i love this product!!!
great color and service got into
awesome band. very comfortably
fast shipping. nice quality
great band for the price!
just as advertised
really nice
great
fit perfectly.
good quality for a great price
product was as described and shipped quickly.
looks great, just what i wanted!!!
great quality
i love the color and quality!!
love the band!!!
easy to switch out!
it’s great
excellent item
color is perfect👌🏼
great
for the price a steal!!!!
on time, perfect fit, great price!
love it
love it
the fit and packaging was perfect.
i love my new band it’s awesome
comfortable band and easy to clean!
loved the band...
great!
love the color
great quality
love the color
thumbs up!👍🏻
it was exactly what i expected!
band is true to color, just love it!!
love it mate!
very easy to switch band. love it!
nice
good product at great price
great!
love the color.
fit great
what i expected
perfect fit!
i leave a wrong feedback before. sorry
product was exactly as described.
great band!
great
perfect
fits great!
perfect watch band
color as seen!
love it. smooth and fits perfect.
recommend
great price and product
it actually fit my wrist.
muy bueno
awesome product. quick shipping.
easy to change bands...love the colors
fast shipping, great quality, affordable!
excellent quality
band looks great.
fast shipping, product as described
perfect
great product. identical to apple version!
it's perfect!
great band for the price
great quality band
exactly what i expected.
got no difference of the original
mega like
i love the band a lot..
perfect! exactly what i wanted.
good quality for price!
i love it
like
love the way it fits.
great sale as pictured
cool
fits my watch great!!!
exactly what i wanted.
great product for the price.
i’m satisfied
fits good and comfortable
solid rubber, worth the price.
fits well. accurate description.
very nice and elegant color
absolutely love!!! great quality
love it
nice quality
as described
good
fits perfect ... looks nice
nice quality and timely shipment!
great value
love it.
price, fit and looks
pretty solid
color change
good
awesome
love it!!!
love it!
great
love it
loved it
love this band
i love it !
exactly what i expected!
my apple watch
great quality!
loved the fit and the color.
love it!
nice
awesome!
love it!
this band is great
great bands
love the band -
👏👏👏
love it
very good
good quality
love it!
fit well
good
good
loved this band
love it
great bands
love it 😍
love it 💙
very nice
great item
this band feels almost like the original band received with the watch!  it was soft and wearable right out of the packaging!  i got the s/m 42mm and am very happy with my purchase. the only down side is having to choose between s/m and m/l. we like getting bands that we can both utilize, or ones that have both sizes included.
i’m always leary if generic products… this watch band( i got red plus the plastic screen savers).. it just popped into place with no problems- going to get other colors- i like the bank to match the picture i’ve chosen for watch face
beautiful, excellent product. got the 42mm s/m size in wine color and it looks gorgeous with the rosegold. the straps slide and lock in perfectly well and they feel great! nice and soft silicone material. i’ve had it on me the whole day; didn’t irritate my skin at all and i have sensitive skin. extremely satisfied with this purchase!!!!
love the look.  this is the fourth one i have ordered.  the only downfall i have is that all of them have lost at least one diamond around the face.  i wear mine all the time.  love them. guess they are not water soluble. kathy. upper left corner is where it is missing one. fell out first time i wore it.
i received this watchband for my 38mm watch. it is very easy to put on and the color is perfect. it is good quality and very secure on the wrist. it will be great for summer.after wearing this watch for a couple of days, i must say if feels just like my original apple watch band. great quality!
i purchased the light blue and the pink (baby pink) and love them both...wish there were more color options than what's currently offered.  the price was awesome.
it hasn’t gotten stained.  the original apple band i gad turned jeancolored.  this band has stayed lookin new.  worn it a few months now.
seems to feel and fit the same as my original apple watch sports band that came with my watch.  i haven't had them very long, so i don't know how they'll hold up, but i bought 2 when there was a special discount, and got them for cheap...love them!
my grandson really like all his bands
even more pretty in person. i love this wine colored band.
i’m loving my apple watch band. the price is right and the quality is great. super prompt customer service. hassle free. will be again in other colors for sure. bands are thick and don’t feel cheap at all.
love this band! it’s just like the apple version!
bought this for my wife and she loves it, great price and looks like original
fits great and great look. my only complaint is it attracts dust easily but it is easy to clean!
just like the real thing. nice vibrant color. wine red.
love the color, perfect for fall and it has a nice velvet feel to it
good quality.  nice colors.  very affordable!
ordered 7 bands and love each one of them. they fit comfortably and are easy to attach.
awesome band!
great product! fast shipping!
love how my watch looks in white
perfect
good
just perfect!
great replacement band for the original apple watch sport band.  i bought this to replace a lost band, which i later found.  that being said, i compared the two side-by-side. the only discernable differences are that the original apple band is a hair thicker/stiffer than the igk band, but i wouldn’t have noticed it if they weren’t side-by-side. the other difference is the color of the stud, which is silver on the igk band.  that’s it, nothing else, works just as well! oh, and it’s way cheaper than the apple one!  i’m ordering a few more in different colors.  i prefer the stud-style over buckle style, esp in the gym or hiking...no loose strap end to get caught on anything.
i bought this for my sister in law and then decided i wanted one for myself. this is a great band. my only complaint is that the inside metal enclosure backing rusted and left rust marks on my skin. i recommend covering the backing that lies on your skin with a clear nail polish to protect your skin.
i have a white official apple sport band and this one is so close to the same it’s crazy. only place i can tell the difference is in the metal closure. the apple one is less shiny but seems expensive but this one is very shiny and a little more “tinny”. still it works great and a great deal.
great band! have had this band for a week now and couldn’t be happier. the midnight blue color is beautiful and although the band is a little thinner than my apple band it is just as secure. will be purchasing more of these in multiple colors!
exactly what i hoped it would be. just like the apple version that came with my watch only way less expensive. i wanted a black one because i ordered my watch with a white one. i work in a dirty warehouse so the white one was really showing the dirt and it was looking really bad. this black one hides the dirt and works great. looks great too. the apple store is charging $50 for these things. i'll stick with this brand. going to buy some more in different colors.
nice quality after market watch band at a great price and fast shipping.  i like that when ordering, i had the choice of ordering a sm/md.  many times when you order after market watch bands, they come in one size only which is usually large.
i loe this because i work in a factory that is so dirty and this color stays clean and just looks so stylish on my arm. i can wear this band with anything and it just pops.
this new design is really handy for keeping a flat surface while typing on my pc.  color is just as shown-good by
vet my pleased with this product. color is true to what is advertised. it arrived on time. size is exactly the same as my apple band. only reason for not giving 5 stars is that the bands thickness is not that of my apple band but it’s a very comfortable and stylish band.  it’s an excellent band for the price
the black band is so pretty!! has a matte look to it! i definitely like this better than the original apple watch bands! definitely recommend! i ordered a white one a couple months ago and i wear my watch almost everyday! it’s still in perfect condition and not even stained! very easy to clean too!
it really like this band. it feels great. i did have issues getting it attached to the watch. it looks good and feels good!
good quality band that mimics the original quality much better than other aftermarket brands. highly satisfied!
the color is nice and it’s comfortable to wear. i find that it attracts dust and lint kind of quickly but overall great for the price.
love this for everyday usage for my apple watch. matches with everything and makes my gold watch standout.
i love the fact that it comes in two different sizes because i have a small race if it’s perfect.
fits just fine. comparable in quality to the oem apple watch bands at 1/4 the price.
band came in record time. good quality, just like the apple band.  fit perfectly, very comfortable. would definitely order again.
great quality... gets a bit *shiny* but better than paying for apple prices.
price is so amazing with great durable quality. not to mention such a great price compared to the apple store regular prices. i bought the white and the red one and hoping to buy more. i would definitely recommend this wristband ,you won’t be disappointed.
love this band!!! fit perfect and looks great with the rose gold!!
the color is perfect!  same quality as the box store but at a much better price!!!
ex gf bought it but im sure its a great fit!
love this watch band. great quality!!
our daughter purchased it she loved it
love it, looks exactly like the one made by apple!
love the neutral color
very good quality
works great looks great!
fits well works for me
very useful!
great band, i ordered about 5 of these in different colors. they are soft and very durable.
perfect
quality looks nice!
apple series 3 watch
i love this sport band! it looks and feel the same as the one’s apple is selling, trust me. and the best part was, i don’t have to pay $50 for it!
excellent product
everything
it’s justblike the real thing same structure and everything but if you want to be very picky the only thing that sets it from the real thing is that texture but besides that is just identical.
excellent product
amazing quality. i will never buy another $50 band from apple ever again after trying this one out!
love it
great product
i bought 5 diffrent colors for my mother & me! we love them, i have a 2 year old that pulls on my watch & still perfect! thank you, i’ll be shopping again :)
very comfortable, looks like the apple brand band but at much less cost!
i love it! it fits perfect and it’s very soft! you can’t tell the difference between the apple ones. will definitely buy other colors!
it came in fast very reasonable pricing and lighter material then original watch bands.
the band feels a little longer but it’s nothing to complain about i love it
it’s just like the one that came with the apple watch.
great band
great product much better than i expected! will definitely purchase more colors!
good
beautiful color! color is darker in person but it's a good thing!
love it, exactly what i wanted and the description fit it perfectly. thank you!
fast shipping! love the band.
great!!!! love this band. feels good easy to get on the watch
i like it
perfect
love it!
exactly what i waned and great price.
great sport band for well and feel comfortable
good
both of the colors are very pretty and very well made.
love it
great fit and super fast shipping
love it 😊
excelente el material es fuerte
works as described.
great
love my band!! it’s very comfortable & goes with everything!
perfect!
everything was very good
love the band
great price
excellent
it’s perfect!
perfect!
fits perfectly!
great
i bought this band as a gift for my wife and she loved it. it's thick and a really nice color. it does attract all the lint in the world though but other than that, this thing is more than worth what i paid for it.
watch band
great fit
works great and super durable.
love it
so far the band is working as it should. the band is comfortable and feels like the one my watch originally came with. however, i purchased the s/m because that’s the size i purchased from apple and this one is about an inch shorter than the apple strap. so i wish it was a little longer. the larger one might be too big so not sure about that one. other than that it stays put and it’s comfortable.
love this band.
i bought this for my apple watch gen 2 after i tore the original bands accidentally. i didn't want to pay $50 for a replacement at the apple store, so i bought the igk bands based on their good reviews.
quality band at a low price.
buena calidad por precio!
perfect for my series 1, 38mm watch.  fits great, good quality.
i've bought a few bands for my apple watch, both made by apple and not. this one is the best i've owned and is almost identical to the apple bands.
very nice👍
great
fits well and looks great.
i can’t tell a difference between this and the band that came with my apple watch 4. very soft and comfortable and lightweight. so far even the white has stayed white!  it fits perfectly onto the watch. definitely recommend and will be buying another color today!
i am very happy with my apple igk sport band. the color is identical to the photo and works as well as an original apple watch band for a great price. i am active, and needed something that would hold up through sweat filled workouts and daily use, and i found it with this band. very pleased and planning to order more in other colors.
👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽🤦🏽‍♀️
this watchband feels comfortable and "light".  not bulky or heavy on the wrist.  durability is yet to be seen, but for the money, it's a great replacement band.
came exactly as i expected. and delivery was speedy.
works great. love the plum color and cheaper than apple brand
this is a really nice band! feels nice, fits well! i will buy more!
i like the option of a different color iwatch band.  this band is very comfortable and fits perfectly.
i love this color! i get so many compliments! i wear it at work and during work outs! never have an issue!
item worth the money
there are a lot of apple watch replacement bands to choose from on amazon. i picked this one due to reviews - but was a little wary of what i would get based on price.  but this black sports band locked in and latched well on the apple watch 3 42 mm.  used it to replace the apple brand gray that came with watch.  it may not last as long (had for 4 days) or it may....but at this price point i am very pleased with purchase.
love the color
the sports band is very comfortable and looks nice.
very nice
after two hours of looking for watch bands i found these. i was hesitant but read so many positive reviews that i had to order one myself. so i got the long band for the 42mm apple watch series 3.
perfect!
simply love the color
great with my apple watch 4 44m
bought this for my daughters apple watch. she likes it very much. it's made pretty like the ones you get from apple, not flimsy like some others you can buy.
love this band
the price is great & i like the product so far
fit perfectly.  quality and affordable.
love the fit.
perfect fit, and great product for such a discounted price! i plan on ordering more in other colors.
looks like the original apple product.
the band is great! fits well, is comfortable, and looks good, too.  very happy with my purchase.
good quality. looks like the picture.
the color pink is like it but shown in the picture, and the watchbands easy to clean.
loved this watch band. i wished i had gotten the one with the rose gold clasp instead just so it matched by apple watch better. still a great value for the price.
great product! love the straps
very happy with it!
nice only problem seems to attract lin
my neice was thrilled to receive her new watch band. 😃
fast shipping! great band!
great band for the money.
this is exactly the same as my original apple watch! down to the one clasp/prong and the way the band is arched. wonderful comfort and fit. make sure to check sizing on what you wear. when you buy your watch it comes with both sizes - this is just one size. and it fits perfectly. will definitely be buying from this site again!!!
it fit perfectly and it’s very soft and lightweight.
excelent
looks as good as the $40 bands they sell at apple, and i can’t imagine anything damaging it at all. great product.
looks good.
perfect 👌
ive been buying replacement bands on amazon to avoid the absurd cost of the apple brand ones. i see no difference in quality, and who doesn’t want to save money? i’m going to buy every color!!!
this band fit perfectly and was the color described. a great applewatch band for a fraction of what apple would charge. this allows me the opportunity to change my bands to match my clothes. total score.
perfect
i used to spend the $50 and buy the apple brand, but it is honestly a waste of money. these hold up even better (my apple ones would often get scratched or the silver parts of the buckle buttons would get chipped away). these are very good quality. i work in a hospital setting so it is important to me that the watch is secure and will hold up for my long shifts. i have recommended these to all of my friends and they also have enjoyed these! you cannot beat the price for the same quality as something so much more expensive. not to mention the variety of colors is outstanding!
love it i’m going to order more different colors
these are awesome for the price! they do start to wear a little bit after long periods of time but i switch them out about once a month. they’re a great affordable product and really comfortable.
as advertised. nice!
looks great with my watch.  comfortable & easy to wear
this is just as good as the apple bands from the apple store, but for a fraction of the price.
great product better than i expected!
arrived on time. it looks like i ordered one size bigger than what i needed for a good fit. it is my fault. the material is flexible as anticipated  and i like the product.
it’s thinner than the watch band that comes with the apple watch but i love the color and it seems of good quality.
great product for a great price!
love this color
it feels like it is the factory apple band, so that's a big win in my book. i recommend making sure the colors are what you want. but, i bought this for my wife, and she loves it!!!
good fit and it looks good
easy to put on (much easier than the magnetic one i bought first) and looks pretty good. i absolutely love it. i highly recommend it.
perfect watch band. love the mat finish!
this band fit my apple watch perfectly and looks great.
perfect soft band for working out or general wear
i have purchased 5 of these sport watch bands over time for my apple watch and just love them.  comfortable, easy to change out and look great.
love this product! perfect color and size!
i ordered the m/l size as i have a large wrist. i have bought other bands in the past however this one is the most comfortable. bonus... it’s easy to clean. simply wipe with soapy water and dry off!
was a great product just what i ordered
fits well. good value.
perfect watch band
pretty and sturdy
soft worth price
the quality of the strap is much better than i expected.  i feels more expensive than it actually is and it fits the watch perfectly and fits my wrist just like the ones i paid $120.00 for.
worked very well
the band is just as expected.  fits the watch perfect.
good fit and comfortable yet sporty
fit perfectly. looked good. didn’t see any difference between my original apple watch band and this one.
great band, looks great with the rose gold. durable, easy to put on and off.
i ordered this after sitting in the apple store with my daughter one day and browsing through the different bands for my watch. i was surprised at the high prices, so naturally i turned to amazon. after reading the reviews for this band, i gave it a try. it is perfect and i wear it everyday. it’s soft and comfortable and i haven’t had any problems. would order again.
does what it’s supposed to and looks like a regular apple band.  durability seems great so far.
very nice fit looks and feels like the more expensive one great deal
great alternative to apple brand, can't even tell the difference
love it!  looks great with the rose gold face of my watch!
love the color and fits perfect!
love it it looks beautiful and fits perfect
excellent band for the price! i purchased this band to replace another i bought on amazon. this band is extremely affordable and looks great on my rose gold watch. it was even delivered one day ahead of schedule.
this is great for working out with. i can’t believe apple charges so much for their brand.. this is a way better deal.  very comfortable and a nonslip fit.
perfect product
my apple watch came with the white band, which is not my favorite. love the basic black band for casual wear.
such a great watch band. very comfortable and easy to change them out.
quick shipping, product looked exactly as pictured. thank you!
excelente calidad de correa y el color está muy lindo
exactly as expected.  good quality, good price.  watch bands was easy to change.  fits perfectly.
so far so good. easy to use, looks and feels like the apple bands. good for the kids.
i love this band!  great band for the price when compared to the more expensive apple bands.
needed something other than the apple brand sports bands, due to an allergic reaction from it. awesome alternative for a good price.
very pleased with my watch band.
worth buying. a cheaper version of the bands from apple watch. easy to wash if they get dirty.
very good feeling & color
this is perfect! i have a lot of apple watch bands that i’ve purchased and this is by far my favorite and the color is beautiful.
just as described
beautiful.
very nice. looks great on the watch.
love love love, great quality for a great price! the color is amazing too!
excellent quality!!
looks way better in person.
great quality.
fits perfect and the white is just like picture
i love it
amazing product. everything i expected and great quality! for the price i was a little hesitant but definitely worth the buy!
love it!!!
great band for the price.  band looks and feels just like the apple branded band.  will buy more.
good
es color es hermoso
i like the bad, material is strong yet i wish the red was not so bright.
love it! great quality
it fits perfect!!! i love it and thinking about buying the other colors, next!!!
great quality and fix.the price was right.
..and the price is great too...highly recommend
the product itself, is very good quality. same quality as apple, for the fraction of the price. the red wine is a beautiful color. was hoping it was a bit more red than burgundy but still nice.
everything was as advertised fits and looks great
have 2 series in silver. like the look of all black. fast shipping. good price. great fit feels like original band. super happy.
loved it
this band is soft, has that classy matte finish that the actual apple bands have, i honestly can’t tell any difference between this band and the apple band!
love how you can clean this type of watch band and the color of it.
like it a lot
happy with this watch band. fits well and i like the material better than the apple watch bands!
very comfortable and easy to get on.  it does not snag clothes like my magnetic band does.  really like it
good
i just installed it and it is exactly the same as my original band that came with the watch. i just purchased 2 more.
arrived one day late but i received notifications so that was fine. band appears to be well made and fits well and looks very nice.
color just as pictured. very high quality for the price. fit my apple watch perfectly.
fits perfect and more comfortable than the ones that came with the iwatch
good product
fit my apple watch 4 love the color exactly as described, fast shipping
timely delivery, the correct product.
i bought it for my daughter. she likes it very much. it was delivered very quickly. i liked it very much.i
this band looks and feels exactly like the apple watch band. i like it because it feels a lot lighter. i will be ordering a few more. definitely worth it! .
i love this band. looks and feels like the one i received with my watch from apple. nice quality.
very good quality and very inexpensive.
it's exactly what you would expect if you were to buy this from apple store. can't beat the value.
very pretty. not as smooth of a finish as the apple bands. but still great
great product.
👍😍😍😍
i bought several apple watch (series 2) bands for my mother.  i'd heard others say the knock-off bands were flimsy and cheap looking, but these bands were great. they were the same thickness as the apple branded watch bands, sturdy, easy to put on/take off the watch and fasten snugly. highly recommend! in fact, i plan to buy more for myself!
this is the perfect band for my new watch! the color is beautiful
very good product feels exactly like the apple ones
i bought the pink sand and light blue bands. the colors were identical to the picture. the silicone is soft to the touch. a little thinner or flimsier than actual apple brand bands, but just barely. i think they might even be a tad longer, but i haven’t compared. they seem to be good quality for the price, and fit the watch itself perfectly.
beautiful band without the costly price
like apple’s band
great replacement band.  i’d say it’s much more red than orange (check out my pic of it next to a red pen & orange highlighter).  search “candy red” or “candy apple red” on the internet and that’s about right for the color.  i like my watches to fit more on the tight side, but don’t like a lot of extra band to tuck away, and this one is just right.  i’m 5’10 175lbs with average hands and wrist, i bought the small for the 42mm.  there are 7 holes for size options; i get a tight fit on the 3rd hole from bottom (shown in pic) and a little looser/comfortable fit on the 2nd hole.  the bottom hole is too loose and you’d have to be a small child or have a tiny wrist to be anywhere close to the top hole.  overall i love it and for the price i’ll definitely buy more in other colors.
nice band. i’ve it
perfect fit, good quality, very similar to the oem band. only real difference is the metal piece that secured the band to your wrist seems to protrude slightly farther and seems to make it more secure. very pleased will be purchasing more very soon.
comfy fit, good quality and it looks good.  it locks into the watch securely.
love this band- i’ve ordered from other sellers, but had been disappointed with the quality and thickness of band. this one looks and feels exactly like my apple bands- for a fraction of the price. super excited to find this seller and will be buying more!
good  product
love it. great purchase!
i absolutely love it!
el producto es muy bueno. el envío no lo recibí en la fecha solicitada.
well-made and comfortable. if you’re on a budget i don’t think you can go wrong with this brand. however my black band attracts a lot of lint.
the band looks good and fits well. good value for the price!
looks great, fits perfect, very pleased with item.
loved the item fast service
good value and fast shipping
i have been using this product for a couple days now and it is amazing it looks and feels exactly like the apple bands, but at a  fraction of the cost! all and all i would recommend this to anyone that asked, i will be purchasing again!!
quality
i hadn’t had any issues with this band. i kinda wish i ordered a smaller size as it will stretch just a touch over time. has stayed very white without any yellowing or staining and i wear it daily.
looks great! i wanted a band that went with my rose gold watch and was worried that it wouldn’t but it does. super fast shipping and great packaging too.
fits perfectly
un producto con una calidad excelente, muy parecida a las autenticas de apple y un precio aun mejor
best non-apple watch band i've seen!!
everything is exactly as i expected it. happy client!
great apple watch band. i have a black bumper case on my 42mm. the red band just makes its pop. i have gotten several complements on how the color of band is just right.
it is the perfect fit and color i wanted.  price is awesome.
it was great
this is a great band for my apple watch.  i was gifted an all black series 3 apple watch (42mm) and it felt very masculine and a lot of bands seemed to look cuter on watches that were silver or rose gold.  this one gives mine a nice feminine touch and is perfect for fall too.  it's a very rich wine color and is good quality.  i've worn it every day for over a month now and it holds up.  i would recommend and will definitely try their other colors too.
it feels very good on my wrist and i have no worries about the clasp opening up
great substitute for shelling out $50 for a nike band. soft, and durable.
looks, feels and functions exactly like the apple brand sport band!
just got them yest. i bought 4 different colors. they look and feel like original! nice change for when your bored or want it to match your outfit.
love these bands, very smooth and comfortable.
loved it
this band is awesome! it’s very similar to the apple watch band. just a tiny bit thinner but overall look 5 stars from me!!
super cute! came just as the color shown. very comfortable!
gorgeous band. great quality. love the color
nothing to dislike!  i like it.
i have no complaints for this product
great watch band.
i am obsessed with this band! the color is absolutely gorgeous and the material is so fitting and comfortable. i am about to by a couple more in different colors myself!
es de buena calidad y corresponde a la imagen
for my apple watch i love the color everything
i love this color, and the band fits nicely on my wrist.
excellent band for apple watch. just as good as the apple brand but a lot less expensive. color selection is great! ordered two of them.
love the flexi-material, color rocks!
good product
love it
this is a pretty good band so far,it got here a little late but other than that it is really good.
great value
no problems! ordering more soon!
fit just like it should and looked just as described.
comfortable to wear. light weight & soft. durable. fit is correct. color stays intact.
so beautiful the perfect color ! and feel
perfect sport band for my apple watch series 3.  looks exactly like the original from apple. in fact i bought 2 more.
feels just like the one that came with my watch. very orettt color.
i've had this watch band for a little over 6 weeks now.
great color!!! easy to change.
great watch band!!
i purchased 3 igk sport bands for my apple iwatch & i will be buying more! the colors are beautiful & i am very impressed with their product. many thanks!
i bought this band to replace a cheapie i bought before that drove me  nuts! i love the color & it works as a regular apple band would. will definitely order from this company again.
fit, feel and comfort were all perfect.
great look and durable.
amazing color amazing product fit as well perfect for my apple watch
was a gift but they loved it!
fits perfectly, wears great!
great sturdy band. great color variety. have been receiving lots of compliments. i bought the m/l size. i’m over weight and it’s too big on me. i have to wear it on the first or second notch. i know to buy the s/m next time
love the color!
great buy picture as colored.
i hesitated ordering thinking it would not compare to the apple version. glad i took a chance because it is great. looks and feels just like the original. i liked it so much i ordered a second. now i also want the red one! highly recommended.
my apple watch
i am very satisfied with the quality of this band.  not disappointed in the least.  in fact you would never be able to tell the difference from the apple band.  great purchase!
exelente.  para darle elegancia a mi lámpara
great color.
looks durable.
it’s perfect for a plastic band. the colors are nice.
great product at great price
colors are rich good quality!
great quality and looks nice.
thank you best one yet
super cheap and great quality. love it!
the color is everything!
fits perfectly. arrived earlier than stated. very happy with the purchase!
awesome band! love the color and i love this band so much more than the apple watch bands that are extremely overpriced! would buy these bands again!
i’ve had this band for about a month and it works perfect. nice color and you can’t beat the price. runs a little small to me. my original band is sm and i have to hook it on the second to last hole.
perfect! feels good!
perfect fit, fast delivery.
i could not believe how true this band is to the apple watch band. soft and fits great!
these bands are as nice as the apple silicone watch and such a great price.  i am buying more today.
no complaints yet!  color is slightly different from the picture but works for what i need it for.  i've been wearing it now for almost 3 weeks with no problems.
perfect color. perfect fit and shipped quickly!
great product! priced right!
era lo que esperaba se adapta muy bien
i got this for my wife, and she loves it. in fact, the fit is perfect and the colored pattern is just the ticket.
this product is almost identical to feel, look and material to the apple version. highly recommend - no issues with installation or wear.
the only difference between these and the official apple product is it’s weight, as these are a touch lighter. other than that trivial detail, it’s the same. it’s also way more affordable.
can’t believe this was 1/10th of the price of bands at the store. beautiful color and easy application.
just as described. feels just like my actual apple band. matches so much!
as good as my original apple band
great band for the price.  very comfortable and easy to adjust and secure.
as good as the apple bands!
i wanted a darker option in band collection now that fall has arrived and happy i ordered from igk.  the quality is very good and the color is just as expected from website.  i definitely recommend and don't feel you would be disappointed at all.
this apple watch band is *easily* just as good of quality as the apple bands i have for a fraction of the cost. i definitely plan to purchase again from this brand!
if i didn’t know better, i’d think this band is name brand. it’s exactly like it.
i like it and the way it fits
its perpect!!
love this watchband. great quality and super comfortable to wear!
love this band. i ordered the m/l and it’s very long, will order s/m next time.
i got this one to replace my "original" apple watch band - very similar as far as feel of the original one.  easy to change out (if you've never done it)!
will buy more. great strap for a fraction of what apple sells for
love it!!!
just as expected
description as advertised. love the feel and the look! great purchase!
love the color and the band is comfortable... very soft material.
i love this midnight blue band.  it fits perfectly, i needed a 38mm band and apple doesn’t seem to have them anymore.
color really nice!
dots well and comfortable like the smooth feel almost looks like suede
great band. color is right on!
fits great, great color
fits just like the original band. i have worn it for a week so far with no issues. clasp is secure. great bargain compared to apple brand bands!
great quality
it’s a pretty red - very fun seasonal watch band!
band is awesome! it was shipped very quickly
this watch band is great. love the color! very comfortable!!!
i got the wine colored band and its very nice looking with my gold watch face. great fall color. love the versatility you can have with these bands at such a reasonable price. i don't feel guilty throwing out after months of sweaty workouts either.
i have these watch bands for my apple watch 3. i have several colors and trade them out almost daily! the band is soft and comfortable and stays in place nicely. would definitely recommend buying from here and not the apple store! you won't be disappointed!
love the color. wears just like the original band that came with it, super easy to switch in/ out.
what as expected. time will tell if it lasts, but so far so good.
just as i had expected. pleased with price and color
fits my apple 38 mm watch perfectly.  i like to have bands that color coordinate with my outfit and this band goes with a lot.
love these. love the fall color too
great thanks amazing price
these are great bands. just like the one that came with my apple watch except in way cooler colors.
nice color
good quality
perfect apple watch band
like my i watch band i buy from here they’re all nice and fit
wonderful color.
good quality, soft, color perfect
i was a bit hesitant after reading some reviews, but decided i would give it a try since the price was right. it works great and the color is perfect for fall.
love the color!
if i could give this watch band 10 stars i would for the color alone (wine red). i have a rose gold finish on my watch and knew if the band would look anything like the color in the picture it would be amazing and trust me it is ! it’s a very rich color it feels great not as great as the apple brand but for 5.99 it feels pretty freakin good! i mixed it with an apricot band i had ordered as well to give it the hermès look and it looks very cool that way.
just as good as the apple brand!
great fit. comfortable
i’ve had trouble with iwatch straps. over time, the metal in the clasp area always gave me oozing sores, both on the original apple strap and on aftermarket versions. it seemed to be a nickel allergy, so i tried a couple of straps that didn’t use metal in the clasp. the first was a silicon-only strap, but it was heavy—hard to swim with (swimming is why i use an iwatch) and too bulky for my thin wrist. so i bought a yunsea, which attaches with velcro. my first one was white and became soiled pretty quickly. washing it in the washing machine didn’t clean the dingy edges, though otherwise it came out fine. i just got a darker one and it should be better. they do snag a bit and i wouldn’t expect them to last forever, but they fasten securely and look pretty good. definitely recommended for nickel-sensitive iwatch wearers.
i love the this band! this was the color band i originally wanted with my apple watch but it would only come with the grey faced watch. since i wanted a black face i didn’t have the option. it looks just like the apple band from their store. i was a little hesitant about getting it at first due to some of the poor reviews about the velcro, but i’m happy i took a chance! i’ve only been wearing it for two days, but so far, i’ve had no issues with it. can’t wait to get the orange one!
love this band!! it exactly like the apple version for a fraction of the cost. velcro is very secure and fit is snug. i ordered “dark olive” because it looked more gray than olive, which is what i wanted. it only has a hint of “olive” tone. highly recommended this band! i’m going to purchase a few more colors.
loving the new watch band. it’s comfortable and has a nice clean look. i have a small wrist and was worried it would look odd, but it still fits nicely and there isn’t any excess handing off.
really like this band! my apple watch came with the gray sports band and i wanted another color. same exact quality band that came with my watch and definitely not a cheaply made version.
high quality. fast shipping.  didn't expect much, but impressed with how hook and loop system works on this band.  soft texture which you wouldn't expect with hook/loop.  perfect size for medium wrists.  fabric is of high quality and lays very flat.  attaching points are colored to match fabric edge.  highly recommended. would buy this light, comfortable, attractive band again.  seller is awesome also.  quite responsive and wants feedback on your impression of the band and his service.
love it!  fast shipping and great product!!! thank you
on time delivery, perfect condition, excellent band. doesn't slide out of slip like other off brands and slides onto my hand easily and most importantly i cad can make it whatever side i need instead of being stuck with the predetermined sizes in the silicone sports bands.
the band i bought, actually bought two, has turned out to be just as good as the one that came with my watch.  it’s soft, supple, and has the right amount of velcro connectors on the inside.  i had no problem installing it on the watch, the original slide out and this one slide right in and is secure.  it seems to be the same length, though i didn’t measure it with a ruler, it maybe a hair narrower, which is great because the original always felt too wide.  i like the one that came from apple but not the price.  i can buy a lot more of these giving me more color choices and variety.  since i bought two up front i really plan on buying more.  you just can’t have too many colors to choose from. thanks for making a great product at an affordable price.
i tend to really struggle with watched when it is hot and humid (and i live in midwest, so half the year).  i hate that stick to me feeling.  the spots band and nike band don't cut it for me.  a nylon band can be okay, but i have got so used to not having a normal watch band type closure with the part that sticks out and is held in place by a loop that i don't like wearing it.  this checks all the boxes.  it does not have a traditional style clasp, so nothing sticking out to annoy me.  and it does not stick to my skin no matter how hot.
i love buying extra watch bands and typically only buy apple ones. i've bought way too many but wanted yet another one, so i figured with all these positive reviews, i should try one before i plunk down another $50. the authentic watch band is fluffier and squishier, and a little more comfortable. the weaves are much more even, tight and perfect in the authentic band as well. there are already some loose threads with my new yunsea watch band.
when third-party spoot loop copies first came out, i held back ordering them because of reports that they didn't match apple's (they were too narrow). after people started reporting that the issue was fixed with these, i went ahead and bought some (a 6-pack). i'm very happy with these. i already had one apple sport loop to compare them to, and these copies match them almost perfectly. they are the correct width (24mm wide for the 42/44mm apple watch), and are similar (but not identical) in construction to apple's.
i am unable to wear the silicone watch bands because they give me hives anywhere it touches my skin. i have other nicer metal bands for my apple watch, but don't like to wear them everyday since i do a physical job and don't want them to get too dirty. i really like that these are breathable and adjustable. i have a larger wrist so a lot of the 38mm bands don't fit me, these can go around a very large sized wrist if needed. they come in nice colors, so they don't always look like a sporty type band, so much so that i have kept this one on for the whole summer. it will still get wet if you are sweating a lot, but doesn't feel as gross as the silicone one did in my opinion.
i was greatly surprised with the quality of this band, it doesn't only look exactly like the original apple band but also the quality appears to be the same, only time will tell how long it will last but so far so good. i compared it side to side to an original black apple one and it is very hard to tell which one is which, the apple looks a bit harder and sturdier, it might last longer but it is also harder while the yunsea feels better on the skin. the locking velcros work perfectly in any situation, i have been running at 90f degrees and 80% humidity and it stays put with no issues, and the great thing about this type of bands is that you can tighten it and fit it any way you want, no holes or preset length, perfect for high intensity training, running or biking
i've been waiting to write this review and order the black speckled one because some people complained about the velcro not hooking after a couple of months or staying secure. i have not found this to be an issue but i have been very careful not to get trash in the velcro. this band allows my arm to sweat. if the band gets wet, it dries very quickly. the one that came with  my watch made my arm sweat and was hard for me to hook. i do like the pinkish one because it kind of blends with  my skin and matches my skin instead of my outfit, but did want a darker one for a more formal look. because i am not supposed to be around magnets, i thought it better not to try the magnetic bands.  this one is perfect though because there are no magnets used. it attaches with 5 velcro tabs.
not as nice as original apple watch band, but a close approximation for 1/3 the price.  overall length is a bit longer than the apple version, which is appreciated because the apple band is difficult to slip over my hand.  on the other hand, the band is a bit thick and stiff, so it's very difficult to slide the fabric through the watch attachments, especially where the velcro is located.  band isn't as flexible or stretchy as apple's, but this is just a difference, not a negative.  next time i will buy genuine apple, but for the price, this isn't bad.
love it!  i was getting a rash from the bands that came with my apple watch, the metal circle on the back was causing a reaction in my skin.  i had my eye on the apple sport loop band in hot pink, but it was sold out every time i searched for it, plus it has a $49 price tag.  i saw this and decided to try it.  it works great, snapped in and have had no problems with it coming undone.  it feels comfortable and light, and doesn’t irritate my skin.  the bright pink edges of the band are a little rough, but they don’t come into contact with my skin, so it’s not a problem for me.  i never got to feel the apple version in person, so i don’t know how it compares to the original, but i like the price tag of this one a lot better!
love this! seems to be good quality and true to color. i was tired of my sport band getting sweaty so this should help with that since it’s a different material and easier to put on. **the case around my watch was bought separately and i think the colors go well together.
this band is nice and comfortable and doesn't have any metal that could hurt my baby when i hold her. i wanted a band that allowed me to still wear my watch and take care of my newborn. the original bands, while certainly comfortable, have that metal nub for fastening. that nub was perfectly placed to press into my baby's head during some feedings. this band solves that problem.
i love this band. apple makes the same one and sells it for five times the price, but i’m not seeing a big difference in quality. it’s comfortable and easy to get on and off. my only small gripe is that it doesn’t easily loosen all the way - to get it on and off i have to apply some force to pull the hook-side fastener through the lug to loosen it all the way. but i guess maybe i just have big hands.
great band! waaaay more comfortable than the buckle band i bought. and more breathable than the rubber band the watch came with from apple. super super comfortable. great quality. and also less likely to fall off. i felt like the apple watch band it came with could easily fall off if it was bumped just right. and that could be devestatibg in a lake! this one won’t be falling off, very secure. i wasn’t sure of gr color when i pirchased so i’m ncluding a pic for reference. i got the pink and it’s a pretty coral/pink and not overly fluorescent in color. it’s bright but not too bright. the middle is gray, not black. if you’re looking for a comfy band that is cute and waterproof, don’t hesitate to buy their band. looks great, feels great. so far so good! 👍🏽👍🏽
i was pleasantly surprised by this band. it’s soft and comfortable. breathes well when it’s hot out. i like how easy it is to adjust. when it’s super hot (socal) and my wrist is sweaty i loosen it a little and it helps keep it comfortable. i work in a motorcycle shop and the band is holding up well. doesn’t show dirt easily either. i purchased the light green band and will probably but more colors.
these are nicely made, fit well, and are comfortable. since they cost less than a fourth of what the apple bands cost, i thought i'd try a few colors. however, the colors were all somewhat off from how they looked in the pictures. "olive" looked like dark gray, but was more like silver; "n+black" looked like an even darker gray but was pure black; "tahoe blue" looked like a denim color, but was more periwinkle (closer to purple); and "flash" looked like neon green but was more like neon yellow. i ended up sending them all back but olive.
i really enjoy this band! it's well made and the color is as expected. the band itself doesn't lose its position as there are five velcro pads holding it in place. i love that i can adjust to almost any length. some of the silicone bands i have are either too loose or too tight with the pre-designed holes. this allows me to set it to the perfect length for my wrist. the only downside is if washing your hands, the material of course soaks in the water and that can stay wet for a little while compared to a silicone band where you can just wipe off the water.
i own about a dozen or so straps for my series 1 apple watch. theyre all ok but every few weeks i would switch them because it just “wasnt right”. i decided to get this because i am allergic to nickel which was in a few of my other straps and was giving me hives under my wrist. upon putting this new strap on my wrist, i can confidently say that it is a new favorite and i will not be replacing it any time soon. it is extremely comfortable and form fitting, as well as being easy to secure by just slapping the velcro down where you need it to be. id recommend this to any apple watch owner!
what i love most about this band is that it feels great on my wrist, and the size is 100% adjustable! for some reason, i find that with other bands that have pre-cut holes in them, the exact size i need always ends up being in between two of the holes. so it's either too tight or too loose. frustrating! not so with this band. it's completely adjustable and just flexible enough to feel great on your wrist. i work out a lot and the band is breathable and, again, super comfy. i highly recommend it!
i purchased this for my apple watch series 3 to get another band as i was tired of the stock rubber nike band.  i just got it in the mail and i love it!  it is light weight but does not feel cheap in any way to me.  its very comfortable, easy to but on and i love the velcro to get just the right fit.  very tight for running and working out and a bit looser for day to day use.  it was worth every penny and i only now wish that i bought the combo pack that offers 6 bands at once.  well done yunsea!
i was hesitant to purchase this band. reviews said it was alright, but i thought at this price point, the quality would be poor. i was mistaken!
i did a bunch of research on getting more bands for my apple watch series 4 44mm, as i was confused not seeing many for it on amazon, but then found the 42mm bands fit the 44mm apple watch. i purchased the 6 packs, as it was a better value and offered all the colors i really want.
i really like this band but it has one “annoying” con. the con being that the adjustment is a velcro type and it stops the band from opening up all the way. you have to really put some force on it at the right angle to get it through. so for people with larger hands this will be difficult. for taking the band off the watch wattchments is also difficult because of this - say to switch bands but use the same watch attachment or put accessories on.
i have a very small wrist for a 67 yr old woman and wanted a change from the band that came with the apple watch. this is great in that it wraps easily around my wrist and has several grab spots for the velcro so it feels really secure. really like the black that has subtle pink woven into it that matches the apple sport watch.
i purchased the 38mm black/black watch band. it's perfect -- not as expensive as apple's and works just fine. i love the velcro because it is super easy to get my watch on without fiddling around with it. it also matches my silver apple watch just perfectly. it's also much better to workout in -- the silicone band that comes with the apple watch just gets all sweaty and gross. this breaths so i really like that a lot. i'm a very happy camper!
its very soft, light, and breathable as described.  i wear my apple watch from 7am - 8pm almost every day. so i like light, soft bands that wont irritate my skin, or leave red marks when the fit is to tight and is not adjustable. these are adjustable. not bad for $10.
ordered this band after having my apple watch fall off of my wrist in a restaurant with the original band. i received it quickly and it's everything i hoped for, comfortable and secure on my wrist. plus having small wrists, the velcro helps to keep it fitting perfectly. i'd highly recommend it. note: i've only had it for a week so i'm not sure how it will hold up but for the price, i'm not too worried.
i love love this band! more so than i thought. having trouble taking it off and using all the others i have. it’s so comfortable, i can barely tell i have a watch on. i’ve only had it on for a few days and have already gotten several compliments. love the velcro and how strong it holds and the color i got is a perfect color gray that matches everything. i haven’t worked out in it yet but i’m going for a run today. i doubt there will be issues but will update if there are any. don’t hesitate on this purchase. totally worth the money. the only downfall is that there’s too many colors to choose from.
i haven’t tried on the apple version of these bands, but after trying these on and a fraction of the price, i don’t have to.  these are comfortable and the fit the watch nicely!  sure, the connecting point is maybe a millimeter off from being flush with the watch casing, but not enough to notice unless you are looking for it.  i will be buying more as the band is soft, flexible, and very comfortable.  i can easily recommend this product!
slightly narrower than stock, but practically unnoticeable.  slight amount of play in the mounting blocks, but they do lock in.  overall, i use the band most often because it's comfortable and handles sweaty workouts great.  love the true black color...no rainbows hidden in this thing.
i saw a similar band at apple that is $49!  i love apple— am a member of the cult having used anything and everything they make since the late eighties— but that is crazy expensive.  i find the band is a little bit itchy for my sensitive skin but not so bad i can’t wear it.
i own a few bands and i like this the best because its the easiest to put on my wrist as well as being comfortable and breathable.  all my other bands slide on my arm when moisture comes into play and i end up having to clean them after every use.
i was worried that the pink part that connected to the watch was going to be "too pink" for the watch. i was pleasantly surprised with how well it looks together. this band looks great with the rose gold watch for people who aren't wanting a super pink band all of the time. i love the gray tones in the band. the band is very comfortable and good quality. would buy again
the packaging was very secure yet simple, i can fit it in a little wallet if i needed to. as of the band itself, i love it but there are some things i would look out for. one: when you put it on, it might wiggle a bit in the slot on the watch and it looks as if it will fall out, but it will definitely not. two: on the buckle that you slide onto the watch, one of the side bumps (the little black pieces) had fallen out. it scared me a bit initially but it in no way affects the quality of the band and it works perfectly fine. three: if you have extremely small wrists, i would possibly consider other choices because since it is velcro it only goes so far on the wrist and the plastic piece on the end may bump your watch but that's not much of a problem for me. personally, i am not a very active person but i can tell that this band is perfect if you practically work out 24/7. this band is almost identical to the one that apple makes. overall i would buy more colors in the future.
i just got a beautiful new apple watch for my birthday and my significant other wanted to get me a band too. so we went up to the apple store and they were sold out of nearly every color! little did we know at the time how lucky that was. i hopped on amazon on a whim, saw these bands and took a chance. they are identical to the ones sold in store for literally $45 less. high quality, crazy comfortable and beautiful colors. i ended up buying one for my significant other too!
it is a really nice band just don’t like how when you want to put your watch on/or off you have to slip it over your hand.  band is all one piece.  i did use it over the weekend until my new band got here and i noticed it had stretched a bit because i had to put the end up against the watch. (couldn’t tighten it any further if i needed to later) i bought the small/medium band for a 42”.
this is the third band i've ordered from them, and i do like the style and price.  they fit on both my apple watches--sport and 3.  this particular one was more orange than the red i thought i had ordered, so i haven't yet used it.  the only concern i have about all of them is their cleaning.  they do get dirty when i work in the yard and when i exercise.  i can find no instructions on how to clean them, but beyond that, i do like them a lot!
nice sturdy nylon band. i don't like the rubber band that comes with the apple watch it irritates my skin, i immediately replaced it. i like the fact that is all one piece and can accommodate several wrist sizes. a very good watchband for the price. lots of color choices. the only reason i did not give it 5 stars is because it is not an elegant band, i bought it for workout purposes only, perfect for that.
first impressions are great. you can tell it’s not as good of quality as the apple version but for a quarter of the price it’s great. one thing to note on my 42 mm band is that the velcro pieces wouldn’t fit through the loop when putting it on my wrist. i was able to get them through after pulling pretty hard but it’s definitely comfortable and lightweight.
just received the band. let me assure the buyers that any review less than 5 is inaccurate, or the individual did not install correctly. i own a series 3 apple watch (42mm). it is identical to the fit of an authentic apple watch band. yes, it clicks. yes, it stays on when tugged on. note: if it does not click, then you have it installed upside down. i'll re-post an update a month from now to see if it is still holding up. however at this price, what's the difference if i have to replace it?
excellent “knock off” of the apple sport band!  excellent loop design coupled with flexibility and velcro make this band move with you and stay in place.  i have an old injury that cause aches with static watch bands that are tight or locked in place so the milanese loop and this are my faves, but the velcro bests the magnet!  i compared this to an apple one and couldn’t tell them apart really!
it's perfect.  i had an allergic reaction to the original apple band and did not want to stop wearing my watch.  this band fits perfectly. it's lightweight and did not cause a rash to form around my wrist . thank you so much. i will be purchasing other colors soon.
the width is actually correct in this one. all off brand bands i’ve tried up to this one used a band made for 38mm on the lugs for a 42mm. so there were gaps. only thing keeping this from a five star review is the fact that the lugs are a little loose when locked in the watch.
the two blended colors on this is beautiful. i got the black (not the n+black) and it's black with some very faint pink colors woven into it. it is suble but really pretty upon further inspection. i love that you can adjust it endlessly and make it any size you could ever possibly need. it looks amazing with my new x doria case.
a friend advised i purchase these rather than the iphone brand and very glad i did. you get six for the price of one iphone brand band. these fit my iphone perfectly, easy to slide in, and velcro holds well! i have a small wrist and i can wrap the band snuggly almost all the way to watch face, but does not feel bulky, very comfortable. these would also fit much larger wrists.
the loop pinksand band matches my 38 mm series 3 gold watch perfectly.  this band is slightly shorter than the one apple sells, so it’s great for someone, like me, with tiny wrists (5.5”).  my initial impression of this band is 100% positive.  i cant really speak to the durability because i just received it today.  i’ll update my review if i have any problems with it.
when i bought the apple series 4 nike watch, it came with the nike sport loop band. this band is incredibly comfortable, especially during workouts. i wanted to find one similar without the nike price tag.
ordered the black with the tiny pops of color and i love it. tried one on in the apple store and ended up getting the nike band instead and as soon as i got home i wished i had the velcro one. i seriously can’t tell the difference from the one i tried on in store and this one and can’t beat paying a quarter of the cost. still waiting on the rose one to come in i’ll review it as well. these are great.
this product is just like the one you can buy at best buy for more then double what you pay for this. my husband thought i had bought it there but unlike his i paid way less. stays closed well and my wrist stopped sweating like it was from the other strap my watch had on it. now i just need to see if it could survive a washing machine.
was recommend this style of watch because it could fit at a comfortable tightness without leaving a mark from the back of the watch.
i love the nylon sport loop for my apple watch, i’ve bought from a few different sellers on amazon. i do recommend this seller, arrived quickly, follow up email on satisfaction. the band fits watch perfectly, and size fits perfectly. color is nice for fall, it is a dark olive, a bit grey/ brown in some light.
if i could give this more than 5 stars, i would.  these bands are amazing.  they are easy to put on the watch face and with so many fun and stylish color combos, you can't go wrong.  the material is so soft and comfortable to wear.  i was worried that it would snag on my clothing, but that has not been an issue.  unbeatable price on an amazing product.
i saw a friend who has this band, loved it, and had to order one of my own. i am so glad i did! the color is lovely, i love the texture of the band, and it is simple to change out. unlike many magnetic closures, this velcro band does not get caught on my longer necklaces or other metal items, which i really like. the rose gold color of the band connectors is not an exact match, but it is close, and looks great! i would definitely purchase more bands like this in the future.
i have worn this band for about 3 weeks and love it.  it locks in (38mm apple watch 3), so no worries about it falling off (i even wear it on my dominant hand during tennis 3-4 x per week).  it is comfortable and adjustable with very secure velcro.  i have actually purchased 2 more in other colors.
i got these so i could change out my colors. there is not much difference in look and feel, if any, from the original sport band i got from apple. i've been wearing one for 2 months now and it is holding up well and is really comfortable to wear. stretchy, and doesn't trap heat or sweat like some of the plastic ones do.
i’ve been wearing this band for a while now and all i got to say is that it’s worth my money. there’s a good amount of air flow so your wrists won’t be wet and it’s really comfortable, i had no problems with this band. it’s looks and feels as good as the one at the apple store but cheaper. all in all you should definitely buy this.
band looks & feels great. one thing i like about it is how even those with skinny wrists like me, it’ll still fit perfectly. however, the part that gets attached to the watch itself feels a bit wobbly when attached. so far it hasn’t came off from the watch while wearing, but it does feel like it could come off over time. this doesn’t happen w other bands i’ve bought so it can’t be my watch. other than that i like it.
i absolutely love this watch band for my apple watch! i had researched bands for my apple watch, and i liked the ones that apple sold for it, but they were so expensive. this one is an exact copy of the ones that apple sells at a fraction of the cost, and you could never tell the difference! very well made, very comfortable to wear, and i will be buying other colors.
i'm very pleased with this watch band. it is very similar in design/quality and smoothness in it's "operation" to the actual apple watch band that came with it for a little over a quarter of the cost. i am sure i will be buying another one in a different color in the near future to add to my collection.
good quality, fits well with 42mm and a 6 and 3/4” wrist. colors are good, though more options for different sets would be nice. the velcro holds up well so far. the band seems to be a tiny bit stretchy. no problem with the slide in to attach to the watch. the wear and tear on the band from the velcro also seems minimal at this point. it was nice to find a set of bands!
just from the style and fit i would have given it five stars.  but then today i stupidly wore my watch while cleaning out gutters and got dog poop on it (don't ask). i washed it with hand soap and it is brand new looking.  didn't stretch out.  didn't lose shape, elasticity, or velcro.  love it. buying it in more colors now.
title says it. i thought this would be an ok cheap band to use while working out but it’s great. comfortable and the strap doesn’t come off when swimming, running, or lifting. you would think it would because the securing velcro doesn’t seem like it grips well but it does.
i was pleasantly surprised with how much i liked this band. i was originally using the rubber band that comes with the apple watch. during my workouts, my wrist was sweating so much that the watch could not read my heart rate. this new band has definitely helped with that issue. i still have some sweat under the watch itself, but any sweat under the band is absorbed. this band is also super comfortable, i don’t even feel it on my arm most of the time.
i ordered three yunsea nylon 42mm bands (one each in colors tahoe blue, marine green and rosepink). all three are more than satisfactory. the bands are easy to attach and detach from my series 3 apple watch, stay in place and hold the watch securely while in use, and are comfortable to wear
traditionally i have worn the sports bands, but they get very hot and sweaty when it is warm outside. for that reason, i decided to give this band a try and i am so glad that i did! it's easy to put on, no trouble at all with the velcro detatcing or andthing and best of all, it is lightweight and comfortable!
i ordered 6, 38 mm bands for my new 40 mm apple watch. after reading the reviews i was very worried if these bands going to work for me. i just received them and they look very nice. they are a bit loose for my old 38 mm apple watch but are perfect for the 40 mm one. good saving ...... each band costs 1/10th of the original apple watch band!
bought this for my son.  he didn't find the apple strap very comfortable so wanted something with more flexibility and this works perfectly.  his wrist doesn't sweat and the fabric strap has just enough flex for his comfort.  after a few weeks the fabric has not shown any wear from the velcro.  overall very happy!
perfect for me - i have a nickel allergy.  the tight bands with the usual closing cause itching, discomfort and a rash that is persistent. it is even worse with any sweating in summer. i was worried that the bands might be hard or cause irritation but they are super soft and feel great on my skin! with the flexible tightening of this closing mechanism i tightened it more for some exercise and it was comfortable.
i like how these look, but the material is a little itchy for me. hopefully i’ll get used to it. i might either glue or sew some fabric on the underside of the band.
so i was nervous at first. the band itself is awesome, much more comfortable than apple's sport band.
love this band! it is my every day band for my apple watch. color is perfect. for me these work best with the velcro beacuse the ones with the holes either fit too small or large based on preset hole locations. super comfy and i sleep in it all the time.
purchased the 42mm red/black woven sports loop back in june. very nice band and looks just like the apple band. especially for the price.  fits great. however it’s narrower than the 42mm apple band.  i contacted yunsea and they replied right away stating that the band i received was from old stock. they sent me a new band for free that’s the exact size of the apple band. i picked the midnight fog one. plus, they told me to keep the previous band.  awesome!  they exceeded my expectations.  great customer service!
this is so great!  i own the apple's sport loop in spicy orange and this makes me feel stupid to have paid $49 for apple's.  i bought the sand pink color.  it is slightly narrower than the apple's one but other than that, you can't tell a difference.  it feels about the same!  pink sand color goes well with new gold color apple watch 3. it is just as comfortable as the apple one too.
wow, this watch band is a must get. i wanted something softer from usual sylicone strap. i have to say comfort level is amazing! sometimes i get these weird anxiety attacks and get itchy and what not... or is it allergies?? hmm idk. either way i was concern about how it would feel since the pics looks like id be scratching my skin off but no... no itchy feel at all! i deff recommend getting this in any color you wish. i may be ordering different colors cuz i don't want my friends to think i have no style...er, wait.. i have no friends. :(
purchased the midnight fog 42mm band. this was the first seller i found that had this particular color. band feels great, no gap in the lugs, and the connectors are flush with the body of the watch.
great band! i have three colors. be careful of the blacks. you must pay attention to the details. i suggest using something with a larger display then a smartphone. i selected a pink/black by mistake which looks brown. the blue/gray and all black are great.
i really liked the variety of selection of bands and i personally like the cloth ones over the rubber ones. this one is more comfortable and the only thing i’d mention is that the plastic part the band goes through isn’t as gliding as i’d like it to be but honestly it’s worth the price as opposed to the apple make.
this band was easy to install.  i like that it does not make my wrist sweat like the plastic ones.
i have purchased other brands of similar bands but this one is softer and more pliable.  i liked it so much i bought one for my mother and i got one for myself in another color.  it may cost a little more than some of the others but it is definitely worth it.
this band is perfect for working out as i feel that the normal silicone band for the watch can get a little hot and sweaty. this one is very comfortable, fits perfectly and you can't beat the price! i have a gold apple watch and the pink sand color compliments it well. highly recommend!
leave it to china to be able to create a cheap copy of the oem apple band. …….. i mean they already made the oem model; what are the odds some chinese dude would tell his cousin the secret recipe to make an oem apple watch band?
the quality on these are pretty spot on compared the the original apple ones.  the only issue for me not giving it a 5 star rating is that the strap stretches a little more than the original apple ones.  this is not a problem for people with thicker wrists, but for people with thinner ones; the strap goes almost all way across.  if it stretched a little more, the plastic tab would be on my screen.  a minor issue, but for this price it's pretty unbeatable.
i’m going to tell you, i was a little apprehensive about ordering this watch band because the price was so inexpensive. i thought i was going to find a cheap knockoff when i opened the package, but i was wrong!
awesome watch band. i’ve gotten so many compliments. i’ve been wearing it every day for weeks & it’s a perfect color for summer. the velcro quality is great, it stays on & is barely fraying where i velcro it on and off every day. great quality.
love this watch band!  the insert into the watch itself matches the color of my watch very closely and the micro velcro strap itself holds securely with no worries of it coming loose and falling off.  best $10 i ever spent (got it on prime day!)!
i ordered this band because on the traditional apple sport band, i was between spaces on my band therefore i needed to make it tighter but not too tight. i am very pleased with the product i received. colors matched photos on the listing. the band is very comfortable. i will likely order the same band in different colors soon, to have a variety.
this band is very comfortable, and the hook and loop closure is tough. i have a pretty strenuous workout using my arms continuously, and the band never budged, unlike my previous band. it feels lighter and it’s soft to the touch inside. i’m so glad i found this one!
this is by far my favorite band for my series 2 apple watch. i love that it doesn’t stick to my arm like the sporty rubber ones. it dries quickly if it gets wet, and it does well when i’m working out staying in place etc. great band for a great price! i’ll def be buying another color.
i love this band, i don’t say this often, but it looks just like an official apple band. it feels great quality, and not cheap feeling. the color even matches apple’s red almost perfectly for a fraction of the price. 10/10 awesome looking band.
pretty color (pink sand) goes great with my rose gold watch, very comfortable to wear, will fit most wrist sizes since the velcro can stick anywhere on the band, easy to put on and take off.  i’m very happy with this purchase, the price is awesome for the quality of the band.  i plan on buying a few more in different colors.
i've tried to find the best band for my apple watch. this is it! lottsa choices for colors + easy to put on and take off my wrist + it fits exactly as i want it, looser, tighter, etc depending on what i'm doing and where. and, at the price, it's a bargain! k
pictured as described, and shipped super quick. very cute and pretty comfortable. it’s a little puffy at the top bc there’s extra band to wrap around. the velcro will not last forever but for the price it’s a good purchase.
the three yunsea iwatch 42mm watch bands i received are great. the bands fit great and the colors are exactly what i wanted. it goes on my iwatch like the original apple iwatch bands without any problems. i would recommend your sport loop 42 mm bands for anyone wanting to buy a replacement product if you didn’t want to buy the original apple product. the yunsea iwatch band  pricing is great too. i am a happy customer.
i really love the apple watch band and looking forward to ordering another one but in a different color.  this band is excellent for any size wrist.  i have a thin wrist and it wraps around beautifully.  this is the first time i found an apple watch band that is perfect for my wrist.  i definitely will be ordering more.
this watch band works really well with my apple watch series 2. i wanted a different watch band after using the loop one for a over a year. this one is great and really looks like the official apple version. my friend with the official apple version of this band couldn't tell the difference. if anyone is looking for the nylon sport loop band at a decent price i'd definitely recommend this product.
i find this more comfortable than the band that came with the watch.  also the band i got with the watch was gray and i did not like the color, i prefer black.  so now my watch is black and silver and goes with a lot of stuff i wear and my jewelry.
this watchband looks nice and wears well..  the feel of it (not sweating when exercising) is the reason for purchasing this design, and we shall see if that is true. (i've only had it for one day - ask me for my opinion after a week, not the same day i buy it). ilike the fabric vs the silicone band.
a bit elastic, which i wasn't expecting, but i like it. makes my watch sit more snugly on my wrist than any other band i've used.
i was tired of paying high prices for iwatch bands and searched amazon for an alternative. i found these wristbands and absolutely love them. no, they don’t have a buckle like apples bands do but the velcro closure is effective and looks good! good product at a great price!
love this band especially for exercising.  the velcro is nice and strong, stays put well.  color is exactly as shown.  1 star off for sizing; wish there was a smaller size.....i love my 42mm apple watch but this band wraps almost completely around my wrist.
i love my black watch band. it fit the watch perfectly and is a great color (black with pink flecks).  it is not quite as wide as my daughter’s apple sport loop which came with her watch but that’s the only difference i can see.
excellent fit and finish, as good as the apple version though this one is black on black, which i find preferable.  extraordinarily comfortable, to the point that i've actually forgotten i'm wearing it and fallen asleep with it on.  that never happens with any of the other bands or watches i own.
great variety and quality at a reasonable price. i bought the six pack of bands for far less than apple would have charged for one! the packaging was well done, nice variety of colors, and fast shipping- thank you!
these bands are great for me.  i love the ease of one little tug and i am ready to go.  this is my third band (different colors).  working out no problem with it getting all sweaty or nasty. i can rinse it and it dries over night.
a very nice knock off of the apple band, and a good price. the one issue i have is that it is somewhat difficult to adjust the size when putting the watch on. the material on the band is difficult to pull through the watch loop.
band is thin in width when compared to apple band. not of great quality. its just okay for the price.
i used to get skin issues from the rubber band the watch comes with. this is not the case with this band. i got the pink color and it is just alright - it blend into my skin color well, but doesn’t look super pink. it is muted, which is nice.
bought nylon sport loops in different colors from another amz seller last year.  both are still holding up.
i really did not like the band that came with my watch. its great for when active, not at the desk or at home. i found this as a great alternative to the more expensive apple branded nylon bands. this one looks close to the apple one. i prefer it as this seller/brand has a dark black.
love love love! i want in every single color! i teach fitness classes and swim regularly and my band has held up just as it should through it all! even the color has kept up! loop-hot pink is what is pictured.
i love this band!! it’s my favorite by far. it feels so lightweight on my wrist. i didn’t realize it’s velcro to secure it and i’ve already had it get snagged on something and come off so i’m not sure how long it will take for the velcro to give out. all in all, great product for the price!
i love the band especially for its price! the color matched the color on web. a few people mentioned it didn’t fit their watch, note be sure to put the correct ends to watch as they are same color try all three of them before giving bad review.
good product, color is accurate but- the hardware slides out of my watch face pretty easily.  not been a problem, but i don’t have the push the release- i can just slide it out.  that does not happen with my apple brand bands.
perfect band for an active person.  the band has some stretch which eases on and off.  the band is more comfortable during heavy workouts due not being plastic or metal.  the band is classy and attractive.
this band fits the apple watch nicely, the band is comfortable and easy to wear. i bought the navy which has pink threading accents. not sure how it will hold up over time but for $10.99 it’s a great apple watch band!
i have only tried on the wrist band and it fits perctly i can adjust to how i want. of course with most you can but i am a thick woman with thick wrist so for me to be able to to make it as loose as i want was a big win for me. it isn’t bulky or rough on the skin. i live how it looks and feels. i only gave it 4 stars because i haven’t worn it out so don’t know if it last long or breaks easily but just from taking it out of package it’s great. it also came earlier then expected!!
very nice band.  when i first received it i thought it was a little small so i strolled on down to the apple store to compare these and it appears to be the exact same thing.  i couldn't tell the difference between the two when i compared them.  save yourself come coin and pick this up instead.
lightweight and fits well. purchased a navy and olive band. the band itself is actually grey-ish in color. just the trim shows the color. but fit, functionality and weight was and still excellent.
i love this watch band. it is a great color; matches the picture. i liked the apple nylon band, but i like this band even better because it has held up well for months through days of lake swimming and is much more comfortable and flexible.
i really love this band. it was a little confusing at first as i never had a band that i had to slip my wrist thru, but i really love that about it. it stays correct all day unlike my old band.
you could spend a ridiculous amount on an apple branded nylon band, or you could be smart and buy one of these bands. quality in my opinion is top notch for the price. i with the connectors we're metal instead of plastic but i can deal with that.
received my band. worrisome well but it looked prettier(nicer color in the photo). hoped it would be more pink it come to go with my rose gold watch but it is actually a light brown .
very pleased with this band.  comfortable.  i had the magnetic one that stuck to everything and the silicone one that felt like my are was wrapped in plastic.  i think this on is a winner.
was getting tired of the sports band that came with the watch, and this was the perfect solution. comfortable and well made, i can't see myself going back to the silicone band after using this!
i'm usually leery about these after market bands but this one has been great.  very comfortable and i've been using in the pool, dries very quickly.  may purchase more in different colors.
i love the unsea watch band. i have the first generation apple watch, space grey, black band. i finally found a band that looks great with my watch. easy to attach. it feels secure and fits well.
very comfortable band. i was looking for something that unlike the silicone styles wouldn’t trap moisture because the trapped moisture was causing skin issues. i haven’t gotten a rash on my wrist once since i switched to this band and it’s been much hotter than normal for this time of year here.
i didn’t think i would find a band that would work for me. i have tried several bands and they just kept sticking to my wrist and they didn’t fit just right so i was always having to adjust. got this band in 2 hours ago and i’m in love best band ever!!! i highly recommend 👏🏼👏🏼
i love this band on my watch. it fits so much better then the one that came with my apple watch. it allows my wrist to breath and not sweat as much and is easily adjustable. i’m very happy with the purchase. quality of it seems very good as well
i absolutely love this watch band. i run and work out a lot and every other band i’ve tried always slides a bit, which drives me crazy. this stays put all the time! it’s the best!
very soft and comfortable. it looks good but i had to take away 1 star because taking the watch off and on is kind of a pain because the velcro gets caught when you loosen it all the way. for the price you can't go wrong with this band though
really impressed with his band.  the fabric is sturdy and the "clasp" feature (it hugs the fabric) is great. no slipping, no issues.  will order this again.
i bought this as a back up band for my brand new apple watch. i ended up switching to this band the first day of use because the band that came with my watch made my wrist very sore. problem solved with this band! perfect product!
band is amazingly lightweight and comfortable. fits perfectly on the apple watch- series 2 and 3. a nice sport band but nice enough for a more casual event. will purchase in multiple colors.
rapid delivery. excellent packaging can be used to store the band. fits my apple iwatch super well. the only thing i'm concerned about is that i'm at the end of the ability to tighten it so the strap is a bit too long for a lady's small wrist with the 42mm. right now it's great. if i need to tighten it additionally, i'm out of room.
i’m impressed. it’s a little smaller than i expected so getting it over my hand is difficult. once it is on it is fantastically light weight and comfortable. the nylon is soft to the touch. highly recommended
i decided to order this apple watch band to avoid the $50 that apple charges.  i find it to be of high quality - materials, construction, the clips that attach to the watch click into place with authority, and the way the velcro strips are attached does not make the material stiff or uncomfortable.  it is more comfortable on my wrist than the plastic band that came with the watch.  highly recommended!
the band fits well and is comfortable.  it's pretty similar to the apple band and gets the job done for a lot lower price.  bought a couple different colors so i can swap them out and run them through the laundry.
great look! i like having different bands and this one is definitely one of my more casual ones, gives the watch a nice sporty/casual look! i got the n+ black color and it looks awesome with my space grey watch.
i was expecting this product to be ok but it turned out to be awesome!!! the quality of the materials and how well done it is, made me give it a 5 start rating. i'm going to buy more for sure!
the yunsea watch apple band came as expected.  fits perfectly on my wrist and does not move during my weight lifting sessions.  i selected the lime green color to match the doboli watch cover that i had also purchased.  have had it now for about 3 weeks and have had no issues.  actually have bought another one that is black.
the bands were just what i anticipated. if i had one minor complaint, it would be that people with large hands will have difficulty getting their wrists into the band opening.
i bought this band for my wife, and it looks great on her wrist! this is a very good looking band, perfect size and matched with the watch perfectly. i will continue purchasing more bands from this seller. please include more color combination for fall/winter. thanks.
i have read some of the reviews and don’t understand the bad ones. these bands are great and fit perfectly. they lock into place and i don’t have to worry about it after that.  i have zero complaints. it is smaller than the apple band it came with but that’s easy to get past. i got 6 bands for less than one name brand band.
this band is true to color and fits well to the watch. the band is strong and secure. i was worried the end wouldn't totally lay flat causing it to catch on other things, but there are multiple points of velcro that make it so it attaches firmly to itself. it's also nice because the velcro is staggered so it forms to your wrist more comfortably vs. just having one solid piece of velcro making it awkward to wear. would buy again in another color!
i have only had this band for a short week but it's exactly what i was wanting. it doesn't pull on my skin as much like the rubbery ones do. it also stays in place very well. i usually have an issue with size because i have such small wrists but this was not an issue here.
nice versitile band. breaths well, dries well (like after i wash my hands and it gets a little wet) and is washable. all i was looking for in a watchband.
i like it. it stretches a little so you do not need to fully open to take on and off. only have worn it for one week so cannot speak to longevity but apears to be be great value compared to apple.
after reading several reviews, i decided it was safe to order this watch band although i was worried it might be itchy. it is not itchy, but actually quite soft. the band also seems to be secure and fits nicely.
nice sport loop.  very comfortable and secure with great quality.  i got the black n+ and very satisfied.  will see if it holds up over time taking it on and off.
i really like this band. super comfortable, and it is perfect for when i sweat. it doesn't feel like its going to fall off when i work out which is super nice! it is a bit chunky looking on my wrist though.
i compared it to the band apple sells for $49 and it’s identical! usually i can spot the differences between fake bands and apple bamds - not this one!
love the options and the price was unbeatable!!!  it's nice to switch these out so easy and nearly impossible to tell the difference between these and apple bands
great replacement band for my apple watch. looks original and so light weight which i love. will be ordering different colors. highly recommend this band.
i like the band. fits well when on my wrist and looks sharp. the flash color really stands out. i have a big hand so i have to struggle a tad to get it on. reason for four stars: it irritates my skin after 2 days of wearing during the day. not the biggest issue considering i have two other bands to wear. thus this band will not be my primary band.
this band fits apple watch 42 mm perfect.  the color ( lime green ) is beautiful, it fits my wrist well (i have a small wrist, but it is long enough for a large wrist), and the velcro works very good.
i love this watch band. it’s comfortable and high quality. i get lots of compliments on the one i got in blue. also shipping was fast. will def be buying more!!
not a bad band for the price at all. it's a bit stiff and awkward to put on, but i'd imagine that'll get softer/easier with wear. it's super comfortable tho, i often forget it's on my wrist.
perfect for using for a workout. i wanted to try nylon because of sweating. this is great, sweat isn’t an issue and it feels really light while wearing it.
i thought this was a midnight black. it looks black in the picture but it’s actually a very very talkat i thought this was a midnight black with green. it looks black in the picture but it’s actually a very very dark blue.
love the band.  much better on my skin than the one in the box.  i’m not much of a sweater so i can’t say how it does in that area but i’m very happy with it so far.
i’ve been using a silicone band for a while now and my skin began to rash out. i was looking for a different type of material and this product did not fail. it’s easy to adjust and most of all it doesn’t cause my wrist to get itchy or rash out. i love the color and the fact that i can adjust the strap to be make sure it’s secure but not too tight on my wrist. i would highly recommend this product
nice feeling, and looks great. only problem is mine had a fiber/strand that was loose on delivery so a loose thread is just hanging off. i'm afraid to do anything to it lest it unravel or lose elasticity.
great band for your apple watch! looks just like the more expensive one apple offers. i have a small wrist and it cinches tight enough!
great price and i love the watchbands and they are very comfortable. i had one of the watchband’s and my daughter took it for her apple watch, so i ordered the pack. we love all the colors. fast shipping service.
finally found an apple watch band i like.  at least it dosen't feel like a rubber band around your wrist.  excellent band
this is my second watchband i have purchased from this seller.  not only do i like the color options but the material and quality is just what i need.  i use my apple watch daily for workouts and these watchbands are able to keep up with the sweat and showers and me.  i do also like the color choices.  i know when i am looking for a third color for working out,  i will be back with this vendor.
product quality is the same as the one that i purchased from the apple store. i am very happy with this product and will be purchasing more from the seller.
love my new band !! i needed a soft band to swim in and this is it. so many colors i’m already thinking which i need.
i have a nike + dark grey watch and this band goes very well with the watch. this is my third band and now a daily driver for me. i will recommend this band to anyone who wants the convenience of the sports loop band without wanting to waste money on the original. the quality is at par with the original . it’s soft yet the hold is tough. i sleep with my watch on and the velcro has held without moving a mm.
the fact that i can buy six of these watch band for less money than one at the apple store for an identical product makes me very happy.
i have several bands for my apple watch. so far, i like this one. it's breathable, not too hot, and doesn't pop open too easily like some bands.
excellent replacement for the original apple strap.
stylish. color does fade after some time. helps with sweat. velcro wears after some time. overall good band for the price.
works great, super comfortable, really cute. i like it better than the silicone the watch comes with. i’ll probably be ordering a black one too.
i’ve only had this for a few days and i loved it ever since i opened it! it’s super comfortable and i love the velcro instead of other bands where you have to put the silver part through the holes. it feels very study and i hope this band lasts me awhile! i will surely get more colors!!
got this on a lightning deal so it was worth a try. i’m loving the material and it fastens neatly and doesn’t snag clothes as velcro likes to do. my only concern is that the area that slides into the watch is plastic and i feel like the way it needs to be pulled tight might make it snap soon.
love love love! need to order another one just to have for back up.
basically identical to an apple brand watch band of the same type, but much cheaper. i'm very pleased.
comfortable, nice blue color, fits perfectly on my apple watch series 3
ahhhhhh. what a great band. no sweating under the band, fits well and looks fantastic. goes with everything i wear. soooo comfortable.
good product for the price. not full retail apple quality but gets the job done. comfortable band and velcro seems good. can’t beat the price.
i was looking for a band that wasn’t rubber nor leather.  this was what i was looking for! i am definitely going to get other colors.
stays on great since no holes to line up with.  easy to adjust if feels tight or loose.  the blue color is not a bold color, so matches with most everything.  best thing is that it’s actually better than the sport band when swimming since dries so quickly.
really like this band - am not normally a fan of most pinks but this one is like fruit punch and really fun.
this apple watch band 42 mm, fits my watch perfectly - and it arrived in the same way - perfectly. great service, great product! all, at a very good price! thank you!
love this band so far, it is very comfy and best yet it does not have the bulkiness on the bottom of the strap.
the bands are as described. nice colors, easy to change, easy to adjust and comfortable. thanks for a great offer.
bought this watch band for my wife and she likes it very much. may consider other colors in the future
i have the 42mm and a small wrist so i was worried the band would be too big but it fits great!! and the quality is very nice, going to buy additional colors in this band. great purchase.
watch strap is amazing. very comfortable. as other comments mentioned, the strap is very breathable and dries quick. i work in a very hot environment and it’s perfect. yunsea customer service is excellent as well. i had a problem and they took care of it immediately. going to buy more from them.
band fits perfectly an is exactly what i wanted. the band didn’t come with instructions so i was a little confused but with the help of a youtube video i was able to put it on
i was pleasantly surprised with this band. it’s soft, comfortable, easy to replace, fits my watch perfectly and looks great. the band has a velcro type closure so i’m hoping that lasts through my workouts and just my busy lifestyle. we’ll see. in the meantime i like it so much i’m going to buy other colors!
really pleased with these bands.  easy on and off and easy to adjust.  bands with set "holes" are always too loose or too tight.  ordered 2 of these - can definitely see me ordering more!
i wanted a velcro band to use for running, but didn't want to pay for apple's band. the band from yunsea does what i need and at a fraction of the price.
very comfortable band - only problem i have is that the color fades quickly i’ve purchased this band about 3 months ago and to be honest it sits more on my nightstand then it does on my wrist ( i often forget to charge my watch ;)) bottom line - it’s super comfy and i definitely like it more than the original apple band that came with the watch
nice looking nylon band which are flexible and secure. comfortable and good looking and i can wear it as a armband in the gym.
such a nice band! the color is spot on with the photo. i have been wearing this band since june and it is still in great condition. couldn’t be happier anoint this purchase.
comfortable and the color matches. the velcro closure may not last that long. we’ll see.
love the band! for this price, can’t be beat. i’ve used it all summer and it’s still in great condition.
purchased 2 of these bands for an expedition cruise to the galápagos islands. one for my 13-year-old son and one for myself. they were perfect for the many activities we participated in from climbing volcanoes to deep water snorkeling. the band stayed securely fastened and was quick to dry. the colors are vibrant and the material very comfortable!
i am really happy with this apple watch band! it's easy to swap out and very secure. i had an expensive leather one and it broke after 7 months of occasional wear.
i am very happy with this band, will be ordering the combo pack, it’s very confortable!
does not fit in the slot correctly no matter what i do, its so loose fitting that it feels like the watch will slide out of the band. i had high hopes, but this is trash, do not waste your money.
exactly what i was looking for, a simple wrist band for my apple watch that i can be active with. the velcro that’s used appears to be of high quality, and i haven’t had any issues yet (i’ve worn it all day for about 2 weeks now). it’s also really easy to adjust it to fit your wrist rather than some bands that are like a belt and don’t let you “customize” the fit.
love this band. opening this band at first i was a little put off because you kind of have to slip your hand into this band, but it is simple to do and i feel like my watch is more secure because of how the band is. this band is super comfortable and i cannot wait to buy more colors!
this band fits well, and is super comfy. i can’t speak to how long it will last, but it breathes nicely and is very comfortable in the summer heat or at the gym.  (some metal or plastic bands make my wrist uncomfortably damp underneath while sweating!)
this was a great value and a wider band than ones i have gotten in the past. arrived fast feels great worth the buy!
exactly what i was hoping to get. bought a pink one for me and an olive for my boyfriend. he loves his too.
very pleased with purchase. the rose gold band matched perfectly the pink sands series 3 watch. it’s more comfortable than the original apple band that came with the watch as it’s quite lightweight in comparison. it’s a casual band but does not look cheap. i will be able to make this work with a lot of outfits.
let me start off by saying i am a chef. it was really difficult for me to find a watch band that not only was comfortable , but breathable. my hands are in constant motion. i love this watch band. it’s not stiff and stays dry.
great for active lifestyle. velcro doesn’t loosen, and the band itself is a little stretchy which makes it much more comfortable. have bought 3 different colors because of the great price. super durable and easy to take on and off. velcro only sticks to itself, so no issue with clothes, etc.
this band feels exactly like the apple sport loop band. the fit is perfect and i love it. definitely would purchase another one in a different color.
this was a great replacement for my apple watch.  the previous watch band made it impossible to get accurate heart rate measurements while riding my bike.  this band stays securely on my wrist despite what challenges i throw at it.
this is what i finally wanted. i bought my husband just like this one, except it was suppose to be olive green. when he received it, the band was gray. he liked the way it was made except for the color. so he picked out solid black, once it arrive he quickly change it to match the watch. loves it now, but it cost me two bands to get the right one.
this is an awesome addition to my collection of apple watch bands. the material is soft and flexible with just enough stretch for comfort.the hook and loop closure holds surely. it has been perfect for work and exercise and it looks nice also.
great band for the price, so far the velcro has held up, am slightly worried it may stop being effective over time. but great color and very functional.
i bought for of these sport loop replicas and for the most part 3 of the 4 are great. the one that is not so great is my black one which is smaller in width and jangles where the loop of the meets the connector for the watch. i compared it to my other sport loops from the same company and just the black one was different. the others are flush against the connector and the band is the same width.
very nice quality. i had a different brand before and this is soo much nicer.
so much more comfortable than the silicone. also they dry quickly, which is great.
love it!!! perfect fit for my tiny wrist and the color matches my rose gold watch. durable and good quality. highly recommended!
love this band. comfortable. i hand wash it fairly regularly because it can get pretty dirty
very light and comfortable.  almost like not wearing a band.  great price.
love it! it's soft and comfortable. fits my new 44mm watch. i got the electric pink - which is definitely more coral (with gray) - just the color i was hoping it would be.  feels secure, arrived promptly, i'll likely order more :)
love this band! it has become my favorite everyday band! it’s comfortable and looks great!
the band works well so far, no complaints yet.  it was delivered on time and the packaging was great.
comfortable, looks good, nice price. would order more colors in the future
love this watch band.  the color is great and it is easy on and off and to adjust.  it also dries quickly if it gets wet.
i was looking at the apple soft band and decided to try this one. first let me say it does not stretch. i find that a plus. it also is very soft and light. i got the rose pink and love how it matches the rose gold watch face. my son now wants one for his watch.
came on time and as described. wearing it now. even lighter than the metal watch band but seems to be holding up really well. i think i'll be able to wash when it gets dirty no problem.
great color selection - comfortable fit.  the velcro doesn't snag and makes for a more exact fit.
love this watch band, comfortable, easy to open or close.  arrived quickly and appropriately packaged.
one of the better "off brand" bands i have bought.  fits fine for me might be a little hard to get on for someone with larger hands.
love this band. so comfortable. took me trying four kinds until i found this one. will likely get another color.
i love this band. it is so easy to take on and off. the color is different them most peoples i see. the only problem is after some pretty much daily use the band gets a little worn out where the velcro sticks. for the price the amount of time before wear and tear is amazing so i went ahead and bout more colors.
well made and very functional. especially like how you can make band as tight as you wish.
excellent product at a very reasonable price.  very comfortable and easy to put on.
i really like this band, good quality for the price. i use it for work and i have gotten it wet and have had not problems whatsoever. would definitely buy again.
i love these watchbands and the ease of changing them. i have two different colors.
i have ordered a lot of bands and the quality isn’t good. it this one is perfect! high quality would recommend
this band is comfortable to wear. probably going to buy another soon.
great band. love the colors, however beware if you buy the red and black it’s more of a pink. however, i actually prefer it lol. quality is excellent, same as to be expected of apple brand.
this is my go-to band.  works and looks great.  used it every day for a few months now.
my wife loves the wrist band. she says it is comfortable and it dries quickly if gotten wet.
i am very happy with these bands. excellent quality and fit for my new series 4 watch. couldn’t be more pleased.
looks and feels exactly the same as the apple version, for a fraction of the price.
awesome and quick and super fashionable second band so far 😆😆😊
very nice band for the price. it is soft and fits great, matches the rose gold nicely.  i’ll definitely pick up a few more colors.
great band. fits well and seems to be just like the one apple sells for a lot more.
very comfortable.  pretty color selection.  i bought two more after i got this one.
works well. not quite as nice a fit with the connecting pieces to the watch as i would have liked, but it’s smart looking.
very comfortable band.  almost indistinguishable from the official product.  would buy again.
im a big fan of deep black and that’s exactly what this is. not that matte or faded looking black style!
easy to change, fun colors and strong hold!  i love these as a way to accessorize my watch and will be ordering more just to have a good variety of colors!!
i have very small wrists and was afraid to order. but it worked!  it took making a complete circle around but love it. very comfortable to wear. plan on buying other colors in the future
love it! more comfortable than the apple watch band that comes in the box. i have smaller wrists so this allows me to adjust the strap just right
made with materials similar to the apple bands but cheaper
i really like the color of this band. it is very comfortable to wear.
i've had it for 3 days now and so far no issues, i forget i'm wearing it sometimes.  a nice wristband for the price.
fits the 42mm first generation watch perfectly and my husband loved this band!
the color of the band is slightly brighter than expected.
works well in the houston summer heat and humidity. unlike the silicon bands, it doesn't leave your wrist sweaty. easy to put on in the morning!
i loved the quality of the bands i received! looked and functioned like my original sport nylon looped watchband only with nice colors!!
love the band! fits very well. wears really well also.
mine is comfortable.  fits my small wrist and looks like the picture.
pro's it's easy to attach to the watch and it's comfortable
if this feels any different than the ones that apple offers, i wouldn't know.  it's a great band.  not much else to say.
i ordered the apple band for my wife’s apple watch 38mm. she saw one very similar at best buy for triple the cost so we decided to give this one a try. she is so happy with how comfortable it is and feels very durable. she has had it for over a week and only takes it off overnight to charge th watch and it still looks great. would definitely recommend.
was at apple store loved the idea but not the$$$$ bought mine a week ago and love it
i bought this to be more comfortable wearing my apple watch at the gym.  its so light weight and easy to put on and off.  nice color, happy with my purchase so far.
i found this band to be more comfortable than i expected.  it’s not at all scratchy on my skin.
love it, lets my arm breath much better then the band that comes with the watch. it is also much more comfortable
i like to use this band at the gym.  it stays dry doesn’t stick to my wrist.
just as functional as the apple version. just wish is was a tiny bit shorter.
i got this for my husband and he loves it!
great band for the price. needed something that i could put on easily and wear in the water. looks great and made well!
so far so good very lightweight a seems like good quality so far.
like it a lot!  came quickly. fits my watch perfectly
great band. it is very well made. it is very comfortable and light weight. makes the watch feel secure on my wrist. i have a large wrist and it fits very well. i have the 42 mm series 3.
i love these watch bands!  only kind i will wear.  just need a turquoise one!
the silicone band that came with my apple watch was constantly slipping down my wrist when i would workout / sweat.  when it moved, it would lose my heart rate and not register my workouts.  this velcro band has been the perfect solution!  it is easy to adjust and stays in place perfectly.  thank you for super speedy shipping!
they are very well made. can’t tell them from the original. would definitely order again.
these nylon watch bands are great.  they don't itch your skin.
love these- easy to get off & on- stylish & fun colors- great price
awesome, i wish i had discovered it sooner.
i am pleased with them watch band. it fits my very small wrist and i love the green.
great deal and it fits perfect. love it. cant wait to try other colors.
great band but definitely not olive.  grey.
great band, its soft, flexible and durable.  the hard plastic parts could be a little better quality.
finally! an apple watch loop band that is almost as wide as the apple loop band for a 42mm watch.
wear my watch everyday. this product has not frayed or broken down in any manner. looks extremely similar to apple watch products
best watch band yet for my apple watch. so light you forget you’re wearing it
this is my work/gym band. i love it! black goes with everything
i’d imagaine this band rivals one from apples’ authentic factories.
i love this band. the colors is less green than i expected but the quality it very good.
i’ve had this band for almost two months. it looks great and is comfortable and easy to wear. i don’t notice any uncomfortable moisture when working out
very easy to adjust. very comfortable to wear. would buy again and would recommend.
bought this for my mom. she’s had no complaints. likes it better than the cheap one from apple
this band is so light weight and comfortable! i work in a warehouse and this band is durable!!! it doesn’t get in the way and it’s slim fitting to the wrist. i have small wrist and the adjustment is by velcro! i live this band for work and recommend it to anyone who has a physical labor job!!!
awesome came quickly great fit love the white
liked the band so much that it was worth getting another one in a different color.
i really like the feel and fit of the watch band.  it is very adjustable and comfortable.
really nice band fit my apple watch series 2 perfect!
love it. easy to put on wrist.  will order again.
v nice watch band. the magnet is strong, so doesn’t loosen through the day and so it fits snug on your wrist. color is great. design is exactly like apple version sold for much more.
very comfortable and easy to adjust
it’s okay. it’s kind of sticks out more on the one side it’s doubled on. it’s comfortable and the velcro sticks well.
very happy with this watch band! it’s comfortable and after 4 days of wearing in the humid south, has solved the problem of sweating/heat rash under my original silicone band. i just purchased two more colors.
just as comfortable as the sport loop band that came with my apple watch. good quality- i don’t see any flaws like i did with another brand that i had purchased before this one. good price so i even bought a second!
really didn't know what to expect from the product but boy was i surprised! durable and extremely good quality for work and working out!
companysent product quickly! i watch band is very comfortable.
product looked great, works great and is a more reasonably price band than the apple brand.
love the band and it's so comfortable.
beautiful color and product as described. very inexpensive.
i really like this band. it’s comfortable and it doesn’t irritate my skin. the velcro is pretty sturdy and it doesn’t move around unless i fix it. the pink sand color looks really good with the rose gold apple watch. see pictures.
i been using it for a couple months now and so far so good. no damages or anything. works great
this band is awesome! they sell an identical one at apple for $50. i compared the 2 in person and you cant even tell the difference. this band is so much better and more comfortable than the plastic one the watch comes with.
i love this product! it is super comfy and super durable!!!!
this band is so soft & resembles apples bands very closely! i love it! definitely recommend if you don’t want to pay apples price.
very soft
very comfortable band with easy adjustment.
absolutely love this band ..... wish i would hav found it sooner !!! comfortable and it doesn’t rub or sweat like the rubber ones !!
a lot of reviews complained about gapping on the 42mm version, mine didn’t have this issue. i think they updated their design. i’ve been using it for about a month and love it. very durable and comfortable.
i love these bands , have them in 5 different colors.  most comfortable and great for exercise.  they just look like the apple watch bands.
it was for my wife. she loved it.
very comfortable and pretty.
feels comfortable on my wrist and is easy to put on/take off using this band.
this is a great band for the 38mm watch.  it fit a little loose, but works great!
looks just like the picture. comfy and cute. definitely would buy again
very nice watch band, the original apple band made my wrist sweat. this one is very soft & breathable, looks really nice!
i almost bought this at the store for $30 some!!! so happy that i didn’t and just bought it off of here! it fits great and softer than the regular band!
it is super soft and lightweight. i am super weird about things on my wrist. i love it so much!
nice band.  cleans easily.
this band is very nice and looks very similar to the band that comes on the apple three watch. it came very quickly and i couldn't be happier!
love it! my are doesn’t get all sweaty like with the silicone band. i would definitely recommend.
great band and breathable! i would recommend it
no celandine. looks and feels of quality!
loved this watch band! very light weight and comfortable
black black. just want i wanted. fits good. no issues
it’s exactly what i was looking for. i hate silicon bands for workouts because they can cause rashes if you get sweaty- no more rash with this one! apple wanted $40! for this band but this one was only $15ish and the color is perfect!
really like to change out the bands.  look great
this watchband is perfection!  very inexpensive, but it certainly doesn’t look it.  i will most likely be back for another color.
as good as apple brand straps
great quality product and excellent value!  i’m going to order a few more colors right now 👌🏼
fits and looks great! love that it allows my skin to breath during my workouts and hot weather.
the band looks very good and is comfortable. also, the velcro conveniently attaches. it is a very good purchase for the price.
do not believe negative reviews. these bands are comfortable, they fit perfectly, well made and look great. no problem with fitting into the “slide” of the apple watch. don’t believe negative reviews. i actually bought this band in 3 different colors and they are perfect. this is coming from a real consumer.
excellent fexible band that breaths while you wear it even during strenuous workouts.
i got the black with the pink threads and it goes perfectly with my gold series 3 watch. i have small wrists and this fits well. no issues with it coming undone so far.
i really enjoy this product. the aqua color is spot on. the band is quite comfortable, soft, easy to adjust, and easy to switch out. it kinda feels like a really soft sweatband honestly, and i dig it.
looks nice and is more comfortable than the plastic/rubber sports band.
great band, breathes very well
love it! my daughter got one too! had it for a few months and still looks new!!!
they're nice. i like them.
súper chuc and cute love the color (rose) bought it because the one that cane with the watch gave me a rash and this is doing the work with no problems
i love this band! i've already had multiple compliments and i like the hook and loop fastener much better than the other type of closer.
very reasonable and comfortable too
easy to attach and fits just like the one that came with my watch!
great watch band.  great service!
i like it, very well priced
definitely the go to bands for my watch. super comfy and nice sporty look. can’t beat the price.
really like this style band.
color awesome and fit is perfect
fits comfortably and seems sturdy. although it does seem like it would snag.
a great band for my apple watch!
super comfy and looks great!
love the color.  band is very comfortable.
love this band for my apple watch. fits the watch perfect, me not so much because my wrist is small but i’m keeping it. i’m buying more in other colors!
luv the color of the band. fits very comfortably around the wrist.
great band; stays put well, velcro is nice and strong.
installed easily, works well.
soft and comfortable. can’t beat it for the price.
love the look and how it feels. not bulky.
feels just as good as the the apple brand for the fraction of the price. planning on getting different colors to swap out for gym and work use.
fits nicely and is very comfortable! exactly what i was hoping for.
very comfortable. easy to install & use.
fits great easy on and off.
very comfortable
loved it, no problems as far as i can see.
i like the soft, more breathable watchbands,  as well as the muted color selections in the collection i purchased.  the only reason for not giving 5 stars is that i find it a little hard to get on and off.
very comfortable band. work great!
fit on my 42mm watch great. i thought it was a bit difficult to get on for the first couple of days. it stretches out some.
very comfortable on these warm sunny hot day.
this band looks good on my series 1 rose gold apple watch. i mistakenly washed the band and it still looks good!
solid watch band made of quality material. i've been wearing for about a month now and no visible signs of wear. very comfortable too.
item was better than expected and exactly what i wanted/needed. love it.
comfy band
great band! pretty and made well
exactly what i wanted. easy to attach and looks great. and the price was right, too.
all was very good
i love this band, very simple and great looking. will buy more im the future.
comfortable. east to put on.  great for activity
great value!
this band is very comfortable i and easy to out on.
the band fits perfectly and it is extremely comfortable that i forget i have it on. will purchase for this seller again!
very comfortable and easy to get on and off.
the watch band is really comfortable and very well made. i would recommend this over apples nylon band for the price and equal high quality materials. i got the black band with pinkish hue, which is more of an amber color. which actually looks pretty cool!
out of all my watchbands, i love this one the most. velcro closure allows for an absolute perfect fit. it is lightweight and dries quickly after a sweaty workout. no chafing or rubbing. after wearing this for a month, i plan to purchase more colors.
comfortable
love it! looks and feels great!
nice band, seems equivalent to apple/nike brand ones. no issues with getting it to snap into place or stay on. color is perfect.
love it very comfortable to wear, looks great. easy to put on and take off. very secure on wrist. it is everything i expected and more.
i absolutely love my new band! i have a small wrist, so buying new bands comes difficult at times, this one does wrap all the way around but it doesn’t look bad. definitely will be buying more colors!
i love this band.
i got these nylon watch band for my series 3 38 mm and i absolutely loved them. i loved the variety and colors and how comfortable it was to wear. however i will be returning them because i decided i don’t need 6; maybe just 1 or 2.
finally found a band that is soft, breathable...... and so adjustable.  most of the time i actually forget the watch is on, as it’s so comfy... thanks so much yunsea...
this band looks and feels great. the velcro holds securely, and the band is very light & comfortable. i like it so much better than the silicone band that came with my watch. i will be buying more in other colors for sure!
comfortable, affordable and works well! i use this band at the gym, when i’m around the house, sleeping, hiking, etc.
so far so good! just as advertised
for my son and he loves it. color is nice
great product nice look and very comfortable, item arrived in 2 days. thank you love it.
love love love this! so comfortable, and color is right on with image. have a this in a few other colors. even turned my friends and family onto them.
love the color, one of my favorite bands. the apple sport band, which was my favorite, started leaving a rash on my wrist. i purchased this one and have had no issues. easy to get off and on which is great because i’m a nurse and wash my hands several times a day.
my new go to band!!! so easy to take off and on!
i didn't like it to much. i feel as if i'm wearing an ace bandage.
great watch band
i orderd this watch band and like it so much that i ordered 2 more.  it is a great and easy fit and looks awesome on the wrist and fits my 42 apple watch.  thanks yunsea for making such a great band at an affordable price.  and so many color options.
great price and a fun accessory for the apple watch.
super easy to use, easy on and off.  comfortable, goes with lots of different outfits.  exactly what i wanted, and a great price compared to the apple brand at best buy!  recommend!!
i love this band. very comfortable, looks exactly like the official apple brand ones that are available. yunsea shipped the product quickly, and even followed up with an email verifying that i received the product and was happy with the purchase.
i love this watchband. it’s not bulky as it does not have a buckle, just a very adjustable velcro strap. very nice!
received on time and works perfectly.  very comfortable and secure.
love my new watch strap. for the price, this strap fits great & is comfortable! i will definitely be purchasing more of these! i have the nike velcro strap & this one mimics it very well.
this strap stays put, is breathable, so comfortable, and looks nice too. so happy with it!
i love this band! bought it because the standard band i received with my apple watch broke my skin out. i like how it has a lot of room for adjustment, as my wrists are small.
serves its purpose
i have been looking for a band that is so comfortable i forget it is there.  i finally found it!  i can adjust this to the exact size i need for my wrist.
love these just wish there were not 2 blacks.
i love the watch band ~ it is fun and love the ease of the closure of the band
it’s definitely not as soft as the apple bands. for the price you can’t complain.
best watch band by far!!  light, breathable, and fits everyone!  my husband and i can share!  that never happens!!
i bought this product because the nike sports band was just really uncomfortable and stiff. i wanted something soft and easier to put on. this is just what i was looking for. it’s super soft i forget i’m wearing the watch sometimes. also the color is just so pretty.
easy to attach to watch, love the color and fits perfectly doesn't move around on wrist.
i bought these watch bands for my apple watch for my more active lifestyle and i love them.  if i sweat or get them wet some other way, they dry rapidly while still on my arm.  they are very comfortable and i would definitely recommend them to all.
it is soooo pretty and so comfty! the best wristband i ever had ! the color is beautiful
arrived earlier than expected. good quality, makes my watch look nice!
fits perfect! has a little stretch in the band which makes it more comfortable to wear.
really like this watch band. it is comfortable, drys quickly and is easy to take off and put on but always stays closed. it’s a great deal for the price
the band fits my apple watch 3 perfectly and is very comfortable. i have been wearing it all day, everyday for the last week and have no concerns about its quality.
great band at a great price
i love my new apple watch band. i have a small wrist but the band fits perfectly. i wore it to my hot yoga class tonight and the band held together nicely...no sweat stains. i would definitey recommend this product. already looking for different color options.
wife loves it
wonderful product!!!  i have a large wrist and have trouble finding bands that fit comfortably.  this band is a perfect fit!!!  i will be ordering more.  thank you!!!
very light and comfortable!!
feels and fits great
i absolutely love this apple watch band! the color is exactly how it is pictured. it is very comfortable and looks great. i even wore it with a casual dress and it was the perfect accessory.
very nice watchband!
these are great quality! they also look really nice!
these watch bands are great!  so easy to "install" also.  hard to believe the apple store charges $50. for what i think is the same watch band. i purchased the soft black one also -- i'll definately be buying more in other colors. :-)
great watch band!  looks perfect with my rose gold watch!  i’ve only had this for a few days but so far the quality is just as good as the apple brand.
great product. looks exactly like the $50 apple store version at 80% cheaper. not as run friendly as nike band... kind of a pain to take off (velcro tabs don’t slide under bar) wrist to charge.
i had surgery on my hand so i needed a watch strap that i could get on easy without help.  this strap is great for that. no help needed and just as good of quality as the one at the apple store, but $40 cheaper! definitely will buy from them again.
band for my apple watch. i love the material and the velcro fit so i can tighten and loosen throughout the day easily.  great fir working out.  i love the pink weave in it b/c it matches my rose watch!
awesome!!
no need to pay full price for the brand name. these work very well and look food
fits big. i have a small wrist but it’s just too big but it’s very comfortable.
nice looking band, fits perfectly and comfortably.
looks as good as the apple sport band at a much lower price.
liked this watch band but it did start to stretch within a week or so later.  extremely comfortable and at a great price.
comfortable and easy to use.
great value vs. apple products
great band, no issues with it so far. comfy and looks just like the official apple band i have, solid design and strength.
just what i was expecting - soft, easy to fit to my wrist, clean and...great colors!
looks great for a sport watch band.  secure fastening as well.  does all i had hoped.
love the band , very comforatable and strong .  watch feel secure
great product at an even greater price!!
great band.  attached easily and stays on great!
undoubtedly the best band i’ve bought. perfect for workouts and sports. couldn’t be more comfortable
very comfortable, like it’s not there
i really like this band. it’s comfortable around my wrist and easy to assemble!
well made
these watch bands are easy to install. they look great.
i’ve only used twice, but it’s a great band for working out. color was as expected. looks great with rose gold apple watch. i’m very happy with my purchase so far!
for the price, it exceeds my expectations. appears well made and is breathable and i appreciate how adjustable it is also
i ordered the wrong size and contacted the seller and they were gracious enough to send me a new one! they were very helpful! band looks just like the apple ones! only down side is the latch is a little wiggly but it has never unlatched! great for the price!
very nice band, leather quality is excellent
they are awesome!  bought 4, gonna buy 2-3 more.
good price for a product that is much more expensive at the apple store.
i really like this watch band. it is high quality and very comfortable. the customer service was great! i would definitely recommend this!
super easy to switch out.
i like this band it’s easy to adjust, comfortable and i can hardly tell i’m wearing it.
i love it. i get a lot of compliments on it as well.
easy to use
yes i like this product love the colors
perfectly as described. can't tell the difference between this and another original strap i have. excellent build quality. colours are also precisely as seen.
love this band, easy to change and very practical. price is really good as well vs apple. also quite comfortable, was not expecting that.
great assortment of bands for my watch. easy to install and to wear. fast shipment.
easy to use loved the colors.
works great
great band that doesn’t cost a lot!most of my watch bands mak my arm itch, this lets my arm breathe. the color is exactly like it shows on the site.
terrific band!  looks exactly like the one at apple.  it’s very comfortable and breaths nicely while exercising. i’ll probably order more colors!
can't  beat the price for 6 different apple-style wrist loops. the quality is almost (but just shy of) the real deal. unless you tell someone, noone  will know the difference.
liked the color and the texture.
love these watch bands! packaged great, quality seems excellent and received timely. colors as described and perfect fit with both series 2 and series 4 apple watch.
i have the 40mm series 4 apple watch and the 38mm band fits perfect!
light weight. perfect for people who wear their apple watch all the time and doesn’t make sweat like the rubber bands do
my favorite band! it’s so comfortable and soft not stiff like some others i’ve ordered :)
really pretty color orange.  the material is different and is great for the velcro closure.  haven't worn yet but think it will look good and be easy to wear.
very nice band
does what it's advertised for. you can't beat the price. i'm not sure exactly what the official band is like/how it differs, but this does the trick for me. the color matches really well with the rose gold apple watch.
while the band is just a little snug getting over my hand, it's very well made and looks great.  i bought the six-pack and happy with the included colors.  recommend!
very nice quality.. would definitely buy more colors..!
not a perfect match, but my son likes the strap and feels that it is good value compared to the apple strap that sells for $50.
wear it everyday. i had an allergy to the plastic bands, so this works out well.
the colors are delightful, love the variety and easy to put on and take off! velcro is my new helpmate for aching hands. the quality is really good. i’m glad i purchased the 6 pack. i want to order more colors now.
looks good and seems good quality
super cute and so much better than having to buy the really expensive bands from apple! so happy i found this
great product! the band that came with my apple watch was not user friendly,so i ordered this band . i love the color and the fact that it is easy to adjust and is very weather friendly.
this is my favorite band out of all i own. i have a large wrist so a lot of the bands i order are tight. this one fights perfectly and the strap stays secure - even when wet. love it.
love them!
extremely comfortable to wear. glad i got it.
great product for the price. feels and looks nice. probably going to be ordering more soon!
love this band! it isn’t as wide as the apple brand sport loop band, but the quality appears to be just as good. i have the apple brand in grey/black and it’s held up well. i’m hopeful that this one will hold up the same.
great band!
it looks great with my rose pink apple watch.  so easy to adjust to wrist size.  gives watch a sporty look.
happy with my order which arrived as agreed.
so far this band is great! very comfortable to the point you do not know it's on your wrist.  as for stability, time will tell.
very nice band
love the fit. and it keeps the watch going during my workout. and it looks great!
good product. a little thinner width than the official band, but overall good color and quality. can’t beat it for the price. hoping it lasts as long as the original. will update with time.
super comfortable band!!  my wrist doesn’t sweat under the band like with silicone bands.
great band. so far has held up great.
its a very comfortable band.  works awesome with the apple watch.
i like the strap and will order more styles. only gave it 4 stars because it does come up a bit small on the wrist so might not be suitable for all sizes.
fits great! this band does not hurt my wrist like the silicone bands. it has a good flex and stretch.
seems to be as well made as the apple bands
this is about as close to a real apple watch band that you can get without paying the apple price.
i love this watch band. it is very soft and comfortable to wear. i’ve looked at a lot of bands, and glad you’re decided on this you!
the product is very good but i am still waiting for a refund.......
i like this new band because it is not rubber or metal so it does not trap water.
love this band.  it was exactly what i was looking for. comfortable and versatile.
excelente
my son loved it. his wrist sweats a lot so this wrist band is great!
this is the 3rd band like this i've purchased... they are awesome for high intensity workouts, or just a casual day look! the velcro hold is great and never comes undone by itself.
easy to install and looks great
purchased as a gift for mother's day this year and she's been wearing it ever since.
good quality and totally reasonable for the price.
very comfortable and looks great. colors matched my watch very well. would definitely recommend this.
great band, fast service.  would love to do business with this person again.  thank you.
works great. when your original band gets all sweaty and sticky. this is what you need. great for about any size and for hot days.
this band is perfect for gym and long runs or any other outdoor activities.  it quickly absorbs and wicks away sweat. it also has an elastic element so, it flexes with your wrist making it extremely comfortable.
love that they have different colors. for the price u can’t find a better band. exactly like the nike sport loops just without the nike logo on it. i am definitely buying more
will definitely order more colors ! i ordered one just to try since i had ordered one before from other seller and the quality was cheap!
very comfortable and very stylish. doesn’t irritate my hand and isn’t too tight. i got the black with the pops of color and it goes very well with my uniform for nursing school.
i love this watch band. it fits perfectly when sliding in the magnets. it super comfy. and i really like wearing it for workouts.
very comfortable. love the easy on /off. doesn’t make you sweaty like the sports bands.
i love this band it's cool to interchange. it's very good quality and a little bit more slender than the original apple band it came with. the band is very thick and durable.
works
i really like this band. it doesn’t get as sweaty as the silicone ones.
soft, easy to use, fits great, like it.
received on time, product is exactly what i wanted. i own an apple watch 3 series, 42mm, and it fits perfectly and looks great!  happy with this and may buy another color
my wife absolutely loves this band
the husband loves the comfort of this band. way better than the plastic or silicone watch bands.
it’s a good band, i just don’t care for this style. i don’t like having to slide it on and off over my hand. it is as described.
i really liked this band. it matches well with my rose gold screen. happy with my purchase.
great product! fast service!
i love the band. super cute and comfy. the quality is great!
its a very comfortable band and fits perfectly. its cute & looks just like the apple band. i love it. 😊
i love it. i have a small wrist. it's adjustable velcro strap really helps and it's very comfortable.
this watch band is just like the original. i wanted blue to match my uniform and it works perfectly. fits great and you can’t even tell it’s not an apple brand.
exactly what i was looking for! soeedy delivery too!
gets dirty easily. other than that i love it!
color matches well
product arrived on time and exactly as pictured. great quality. good for sports - can adjust to any length and will not loosen or budge.
so happy with my purchase! there are a lot of different apple watch bands on amazon and it gets overwhelming but this one is the best for the best price! i get a lot of compliments on it.
nice band, it’s comfortable to wear and very light weight. it easily attaches to the iwatch 3. good quality for the price!
works very nice. true to color and size. good product. i may buy more colors soon.
i love it is soft but durable
i love this band. it is extremely comfortable and easy to put in. great quality! will be ordering every color.
love my band. i have only had it for a week. it is very comfortable and looks great !!
thanks!
super fast shipping and the band is cute a works perfectly with my watch.
pink is so pretty.  it is the same color as the silicone band that came with my rose gold watch.  perfect for summer.
i love this watch band.  the quality is just as good as the original apple watch bands.  i am very satisfied!
loved it. nothing complex and straight forward.
love this band. it didn’t lay right at first but i got it wet and that helped.
this feels just like the apple sport loop.  very comfortable to wear all day, doesn't wear out quickly like the sport band.  going to get more in different colors.
got this for my daughter and she loves it! good quality and great color
i really like the band!! very similar to the apple band that they sell at the store for a cheap price! so worth it!!
perfect fit. great color. good quality. i couldn't be happier.
fits perfect, great quality.
just what i expected. good quality, cute color, and great price. very happy with the purchase.
love, love, love this band. i have the same type in black by apple and this one is identical!
love it
i love it! fits perfect on me i will say it would be too small for my husband.
i have a small wrist and some of the plastic bands do not fit right and are not comfortable. this band is so comfortable and fits just right. it easy to adjust, looks good and seems to be very good quality! will buy another one!
band was delivered promptly and as expected. band is a little stiffer and slightly more narrow then apple bands. band is very comfortable and i am happy with my purchase.
this is so comfortable.  i like it much better than the stock strap.
thank you ! love the colors, the fit, and i do recommend this product! have no issues with the watch band.
first time reviewer here. this band is awesome and very good quality. it’s very identical to my friend’s who bought his from the apple store. i will definitely buy another one like this once i get bored of my current color!
perfect for hot clammy day. easygoing and smart looking. will probably get one in every color. this is my fourth
i wish they were made a little longer but other than that i like it
i love the fact that it fits my small wrist- and it’s a big girl watch band 😁
love it .. love it .. love it ..  it is incredibly comfortable.  i do recommend this product.
comfortable!
i purchased this because the silicone band was uncomfortable for my wife.  this band is soft and she loves it!
works great.
holy cow, i love this band! can not beat this band for the price!
comfortable and very nice looking.
great watch band, very comfortable and color is true to what is shown on screen (i got the olive version)
perfect.. just as described. amazing quality. practically identical to the nylon loop band from apple! (this one is better quality imo)
great band!
very soft band and easy to use. the only thing i worry about is how long the velcro will work. right now it works great. it was delivered to me really fast.
love this super light band!
i purchased this for my wife. very nice watch band at a reasonable price. the marine green is a good color.
by far my favorite band! i have very small wrist and it’s perfect!
this is a great product over all! the color is just what i had hoped for. the band is very easy to adjust. however, the band fasteners do not fit as snuggly as i would like. they’re a bit too small.
great product.  great price also!!!
love them.  lost weight and needed something like this. my sister had them and i loved them
very soft and comfortable.  does everything as advertised. makes the iwatch better.
i bought this watchband for my husband.  he works around electricity so can't have anything metal.  he says it is very comfortable and works great.
i have a small wrist and it fits great at the tightest closing point. the color is great and it is everything i wanted the watch band to be.
this band is just as good as the $50 apple watch band, but the price from this seller is much better than the apple store. it attaches perfect and fits great.
i love the color and the comfort  great product great price. definitely going to buy more
very good value for $13, top quality & comfortable.  yes i would recommend it to my friends & family.
fits well, i love the color and can't beat the price!
great band for the price. nice look and very comfortable.
cute, comfy, and stable while working out.
just as advertised
i love it and the color too!
watch band fits nicely. the color is true to the picture. exactly what she was looking for
very good quality almost like the real thing i would buy it again.
very good quality and fits perfect.
just how it’s pictured used it often really comfortable
i love this band for my apple watch! i will be ordering more colors to add to my collection of bands!!
works great. fits perfectly and feels really nice on my wrist
it’s pretty and comfortable, but i wish it was a bit softer. this band gives me dry skin.
the band is beautiful and great for the price! it’s breathable and comfortable to sleep with. i would definitely reccomend it to anybody.
love this watch band!  it’s soft, pliable. and does not make your wrist sweat.
it very well made and look very authentic.
great color
item was as described
very good quality and it is as described.
as described!
very professional
i really like the colors is pale pink with grey, uses velcro so is secure for my every day use.
love this wrist band. true to picture.
looks great!
the band fits perfectly and is extremely comfortable. great purchase and will purchase again.
great, comfortable, lightweight band. fits well in apple watch face. breathable.
felt great right away. just like the one that came with my original apple watch at a fraction of the price. plus 6 colors to choose from for less that the price at the apple store.
watch bands are a great quality and price. easy to interchange. the colors are nicer in person than in the photos. 👍👍
good quality
very comfortable, and easy to install
awesome
cute band, looks exactly like the pic. fits perfectly and is adjustable.
the item met my expectations, just a touch small for me, but that’s more my hand/wrist to blame rather than the product.  i’d recommend this item
used a few times at the gym and for an outside run.  comfortable and great alternative to the official band for a fraction of the price.
i like it very much, and it is easy to get on and off
cute and great for wearing during my workout!
good quality and great price! love having options. only complaint is that there was no olive included...i received grey instead.
it’s very similar, almost identical to my apple watch band! will definitely be ordering more colors!!
smooth fit. doesn’t itch or pull skin or hair on arms. coworkers asked me where i purchased. reasonable price and much cheaper than apple
fits great. very comfortable
love it
the nylon is soft, doesn’t make my wrist feel sweaty like some of the other bands do, and the latch is easy and secure
very comfortable and easy to adjust.
product is very good quality.  fit is great, makes the watch very comfortable
i wasn't sure what to expect but have been pleasantly surprised by the quality of this band. i have only been using it for the last 24 hours but so far i am loving it.
it’s exactly as expected and works great!
they fit great!
looks exactly like the apple brand band! love it
i love this watch band!!! i will definitely be buying more colors! the color is way prettier in person! bright neon pink! love it!!
more pink than red
great product comfortable make the watch easy to wear.
i love my new apple watch band, it’s perfect for everyday use, especially for busy moms! no more worrying if it’s going to fall off!
watch bad is exactly what i needed—of good quality and very sturdy and secure.
love it!
works exactly as expected, will be buying more colours.
it looks and feels great on my wrist! and it’s very secure surprisingly.
stylish, fits apple watch. have to put on over your hand or unhook band though. can’t just clasp over wrist like others but if you don’t have a big hand it’s not an issue
love my new watch band . looks great and great price !
this is a really good alternative to the apple watch nike band. it’s a great material, and  far i have no complaints!
watch band works fine there was an issue with misdirecting the shipment being misdirected.
this band is amazing! it fits perfectly and is very adjustable. it is really comfortable. i’ve worn it to the gym since i got it and it did not get any kind of odor. i love it!
love this band! super comfy and really easy to put on. i’ve gotten it wet and it dries fast. will be buying different colors soon.
i was worried that this wouldn't look good against the gold/rose-gold of the apple watch, but it looks perfect.  a nice hint of other colors like pink and grey- love it!
works perfect with my watch. looks good with the rose gold, just what i was looking for.
product arrived as described on time! colors are more vibrant that the band that came with my sister’s series 3
very nice!
the color is exactly as order. i really love the fit. great durable material. i will be ordering additional colors.
fast shipping and great product. a lot more comfortable than the original band that came with my apple watch
nice casual watch band. easy to use.
perfect strap. the color was just like the dark olive green they sell at apple, but for way less! very satisfied!
it has lasted a long time and i would buy it again.
easy on and off!
five stars so far! just opened and installed this band and i love the way it feels. it’s not super bulky. i plan on using it during a run so we will see how it holds up!
overall i really like this watch band.  it’s really lightweight and comfortable,  my only concern is the velcro fasting when it wears.  i wish it was a buckle instead.
great band, extremely comfortable and just as good as the oem brand
great quality, very durable. i never take it off!
very satywith my black apple watch band fit perfect and stays in place
fits perfect and has the right amount of elasticity, just like the apple sport loop band. the width of the band is spot on too, unlike many other bands available at amazon.
comfortable and non slip
it’s comfortable and it came extra fast with regular shipping i have d 42mm pink sand i love it and i will be ordering again
this is the exact same band that apple sells for $60.  i am so happy with this band
sturdy product so far. texture and flexabiluty is very similar to oem band. will buy other colors.
great band. even better price. fits great, super comfortable and looks awesome.
product exactly as described.  looks great, feels great, and wears well.
i ordered two of these for my iwatch and the worked perfectly. i love the colors so i can change it easily to match my outfit.
i love the watch bands. they are easy to change from one color to another. they fit really good on your wrist. i highly recommend these watch bands.
great especially when i’m in the gym sweating
product looks great and works nicely.  can’t give it 5 stars due to band connectors not sitting flush on the apple watch - but its not a distraction.
this band is very comfortable and i love how it fits perfectly no matter your wrist size. definitely recommend!!! the price was also a plus for me.
love this band! i have two of them they are super comfortable and i have went swimming with mine and it dried fast.. i plan on getting some more colors later!!
color not exactly what i thought.
for the price, i love my watch band.  no instructions, but was what i expected and easy to attach to watch face.
this is my second purchase of this band love it.
bought this for my lady, she's very happy with it since it adjusts for a perfect fit and is much more  comfortable then the rubber original one
it fits great and i do not have to keep adjusting while doing cardio and lifting wieghts
i love this band and the price is amazing!  great quality at an unbelievably affordable cost. i’ve bought others from this seller for both myself and my husband!
i am very excited about this new watch band and i am pleased with the quality for such a great price. the green color goes perfectly with my black apple watch!
works amazing. i have relatively small wrists and trying to find watch bands is always a pain but velcro is 👌🏻 just have to wash it when it gets dirty though
great band for hot weather....excellent service from yunsea, too
very comfortable. velcro makes it easy to adjust if needed. watch stays in place during workouts- which is exactly what i was wanting. thank you.
this is perfect
it’s easy on & off
fit nicely, very good quality and colors
perfect for my apple watch! comfortable and so far durable!
great band at a great price!
close match in color to the apple version. seems to be well made. i purchased the tahoe blue.
i purchased the 38 mm size when i realized i had the 42mm watch, it still works and the band is comfortable. stays on my wrist and doesn't move.
this band was very comfortable and fit perfect. i wondered how it was going to fit since i have large hands and a wide wrist, but it was a perfect fit and quite stylish for something casual
it works as promised and drys quickly.
nice simple band. works well for my wife.
great product.  nice bands.
the pinksand color matches my rose gold watch perfectly.  dries quickly when it gets wet.
slightly smaller then my original band but still a great product. i plan to purchase other colors next.
these are great for the price.  very comfortable and great quality.  would recommend!
i really like the band, its very comfortable and perfect size. fast shipping and good product. seller is very responsive and requested feedback on the purchase and his service.
i was looking for something that wouldn’t make my arm sweat and that was easy to take on and of, this band is really nice and it’s exactly what i was looking for
i am very pleased with this watch band. it is very comfortable and molds to your wrist easily. nice to be able to adjust the size easily. i plan on ordering more colors!
very nice, lightweight and feels great next to skin. i prefer this over the silicone when using the watch for woking out.
good buy for the price.
i saw someone wearing this type of band and wanted to give it a try.  been wearing it every day for over a week and no issues.  more comfortable than i expected.
exactly as expected.  looks great and is super comfy.  bought 2 more just like it cuz i loved this one so much.
these are my favorite watch bands. however, i ordered 6 and only got 5. the olive color was missing. too bad the item is misleading. otherwise i love the 5 i got.
exactly what i wanted and looks just like the apple brand.
great quality! worth to note that if you have large hands you might struggle getting your hand through the loop.
great band! i ordered the 42mm in the color darkest black and it looks great with my watch.. it was super easy to install and shipment was in two days. would highly recommend!
my husband really likes it
the color was perfect and exactly what i expected!
soft and comfortable
this was a terrific purchase the band fits and feals great. reasonable prices and quality products what else could be better. overall i would definitely buy from them again.
awesome
very comfortable to wear
great band, very pleased with the product.
fits perfect
good quality
fantastic product!!!!  it looks great, feels great, and the hook & loop closure is amazing.  a definite must buy!!!  in fact i'm going to buy a few more for myself in different colors.
this band fits and feels great! i love this material a lot more than the rubber band that came with my watch. it is extremely comfortable and breathable, and comes at a great price!
fits well and feels soft to wear. good buy for the money!
fits perfect, looks greats, not afraid my band will fall open & matches well with all colors!
very nice watch band. it’s just like the nike brand one.
it fit well almost like the one it came with
product was exactly as shown and shipping was fast.
great band, well made, comfortable
i love this watch strap. i feel like it is able to monitor my heart rate better than the plastic strap that comes with the watch, because it doesn’t slide around as much.
ever since i got those bands, i stopped using the older ones. they're amazing and comfortable and i get to match colors with cloths.
it came quickly; and was exactly what i thought it would be!,,
the band came super fast which was awesome! this band is perfect for running, which is why i ordered it. i’m sure it’s perfect for all sports. super easy to switch to as well.
it is just perfect!
my husband loves it.
very comfortable band. it looks nice on my watch also. i can’t speak to durability since i just got it but i am pleased so far.
amazing product which is far superior to any apple branded band (functional and stylish). i have received many compliments after only having the band for a week.
love the look of this watch band. the velcro holds great and doesn’t pull the material when you take it on and off.
great product. great look. fits very nicely, and couldn't be more happier with my purchase.
works great!!!
i love it very  comfortable don’t make my hand sweat or move around i think it’s the best yet i love it have had no problems with it thank u
looks just like an apple strap! lightweight and comfortable!
nice neutral color (seashell) and very comfortable to wear all day at work. adjusts perfectly, and stays in place!
this band has been wonderful!  it keeps the watch from sliding around on my wrist.  absolutely love it!!!
my daughter ordered this watchband and immediately put it on and isn't taking it off. it's comfortable, attractive and great for an active person. definitely recommend!
i received my watch band as scheduled and absolutely love it! the color is perfect and it is made from a soft material and the sizing is perfect!
i bought the watch band for my lovely wife and she loved them because how easy it was for her to put it on and tighten it happy wife happy life
super cute!! just what i was looking for. band is exactly as pictured. easy to adjust to my size.(small wrist).  want to order more!
the watch band was exactly as described and exactly what i wanted.  thank you
little harder to adjust and remove than the apple band but other than that great band
very comfortable and reasonably priced..very pleased
true solid black. exactly what i was hoping for
very similar to the original apple bands and for a 4rd cost of the original
fantastic product. comfortable and breathable. the quality is amazing too. i’m a satisfied customer!
i bought a green bad first, i loved it so much i got this pink one! 100% recomend. my friend just ordered one and it is great quality too.
exactly as described and received very quickly.
great  fits  good
works pretty well
i like the material and how it feels on arm. the color could be alittle more rose looking but it’s fine over all.
the band is comfortable and easy to connect to my apple watch and it fits well. all in all, a good purchase.
easy to install, with a perfect and comfortable fit!  velcro is first class and incredibly easy to take off and on.
fits just right and is comfortable to wear
the bands are just as advertised. they are comfortable and so far the velcro does not fray where it attaches to the band.
fits great! feels great.  received on time and in great condition.
product is as advertised. it looks great on my wrist. easy to change.
choices
i’ve just bought this band for a couple days ago and i love it. the band itself fit perfectly to my watch, and the price is quite cheap but the quality is not!!
great band, fits well and breathes better than the band that comes with the watch. shipping was fast. the packaging was an oversized bubble wrapped envelope.
as nice and as comfortable as i hoped. fits well and is a great buy.
very cute band and very comfortable! glad i bought the band, perfect for everyday use especially wearing it to work!!
works well, it is just as the ad states. thank you
i really like the band. very simple but looks great and easy to attach. didn't think i'd receive so many compliments for my watch band!
the watch band came in time, and in good packaging. you can see that it is good quality, i cannot wait to order more!
awesome value, bands are well made and comfortable for any size wrist!
the product was what l expected.  it was an excellent value.  shipping was great ; it was received as stated in two days.
very good quality product for a very good price. the metal feels very sturdy and looks very fancy. :) i enjoy it very much! it’s light weight but feels solid.
nice band, very comparable to the real thing. let’s just hope the velcro doesn’t wear out quick!
yes! i like the band, i use it for my series 3 apple watch.
this band fits my watch perfectly i love how dark it is compared to the rose gold of the watch and it fits amazingly
i love it so much. it is so flexible, smooth and fit perfectly on my watch. am so glad i purchased it
like the fit and finish of the product, i used during my 10 km run and good breathable no problem
the band is exactly as described and it fits perfectly. i would recommend this product.
perfect for my watch.  looks great.
beautiful band, fast delivery, good quality product. thanks!
very comfortable and looks great with the rose gold watch.
looks just like the pic. i honestly have no complaints as it does it's job. would purchase again!
awesome band, very comfortable
watch band came on time and was as the product looked online.  have just started using it, but seems durable and well constructed.
good product feels a lot more comfortable than the band it originally came with.. total game changer for sure!
love the band. will order more colors i love the velcro
this watch band is exactly what i expected!  the color is beautiful and it fits better than any other bands i have used with my apple watch.
love how quick and easy it was to order and receive. the quality is super well and comfortable! will be ordering again very soon!
the product is exactly how i imagined it. it fits perfect and is very cute! i will be ordering more!
extremely comfortable and affordable! great quality. pictures are exact to product you receive. will be buying from yunsea again!!!!!!!!
true to color. worked exactly as it should. arrived quickly; good service
had my doubt upon receipt of the item. but once attached to the watch it looked as sharp as the picture! nice. very happy with it.
my wrist sweat a lot so its hard to find the right band with this band is it’s more breathable and it fits comfortable.
this band is awesome! i love it so much i’m going to be buying multiple in different colors!
i got my watch band in two days with prime. it’s super comfortable and wonderful quality! it fit my watch perfectly!
very well made product.
great product. fits well and matches my watch perfectly!
rápido y bueno
very well made and comfortable. great customer service as well when i had a question. would buy another one!
i use this band for my apple watch. the band is comfortable and “breaths” well during workouts. nice band for daily wear.
i got the pink sand band which is true to color. it’s also stylish and comfortable.
love the band! comfortable, great color and it’s looks super nice!
came on time easy to use would buy again
i love my new watch bands, they’re easy to put on my watch, comfortable, stylish  and i’ve had several compliments on them.
perfect fit. love it!
i love these bands very comfortable and it breathes very well unlike the rubber silicon ones .
great variety, very comfortable on the arm, adjustable fit works well for my small wrist.
perfect for my active life.
this band is comfortable and seems to be of good quality for the price.  very satisfied with my purchase.
great product , good quality
fast delivery, works and looks great!
soft and comfortable, fits perfectly.
the band is a great alternative to the standard band. the velcro band makes adjusting the watch easy.
better in real life. easy to install and stays put. great choice.
i have bought this band in orange and black. its so comfy and i will probably buy more colors soon.
amazon is great very satisfied with my purchase i always get fast shipping and always find the best prices 😇!!!!!!
comfortable and easy to put on
love it. it stays put and is lite on my wrist.
bands fit perfectly and were an amazing price! would definitely buy again!
arrived as promised.  didn’t have an original to compare to, but seems like it will work ok.  softer than i expected.  my watch came with a nylon sport band with a buckle.  two things that put me off from the original strap we’re staying wet for a long time after showering, and difficulty with the buckle. my fine motor skills are impaired.  so i’ve been using a silicone band without a true buckle and waiting for something with velcro.  hope this band lives up to my expectations.  if so, i will buy other colors.
feel and loook it’s very practical love this
good quality and once it got dirty i was able to hand wash it and make it clean again. very comfortable
the quality is very good. excellent product!!!
recently received this band for my apple watch, i’m very happy with it.
this is a great band for the price.
love it so far! seems to hold up well and is easy to take on and off.
very comfortable and easy to wear.  color choices were nice.
i got the navy blue. didn't realize it had little pink dots. i actually really like it. it goes well with my gold watch!
just got my bands, and i am obsessed with them! the quality is great and i am very impressived. will definitely recommend!
i loved it!!! nothing to dislike about this at all
great watchband. company cares a lot about making sure its customers are satisfied.
great color works great!
seems great, comfortable and a great price
received the band this week. i’m very happy with the quality of the band so far.  i brought 2 and i’m happy with both colors!
fast delivery. strap was very easy to switch. thank you!
love it.
i love it!!! so comfortable
live that they are breathable and comfortable.
arrived quickly and exactly as i’d hoped!  great band for humid summers!  also the color matches my apple watch perfectly!
arrived in good condition, really like iwatch band and overall grand experience.
love this band!! light weight
good quality watch band
great
wife’s loves it. says it’s so much cooler than factory and breathes
good value for money. matches my adidas running shoes. very comfortable and fabric breathes allowing sweat to evaporate.
bought as a birthday gift for my daughter and she loves the colors and said they are extremely comfortable to wear!
i liked the variety of colors available.  so much easier to put the watch on with this type of watch band.
exactly as described and pictured. fits well and is very soft. very happy with my purchase.
love the color selection ! fits comfortably and very pretty!
its so soft; i was worried the velcro part would come off, but it stays put
these are pretty good looking. i really like them.
really like this band. i was looking for something that wouldn’t slide down my arm while i was at the gym. this band is great for that.
very soft, comfortable, and light watch band. the velcro works absolutelly perfect.
really comfortable and super easy to clean , great for every day use and working out ! love it
great quality, price, and speedy delivery. great band for workouts. easily adjustable, especially if you wear gloves, or wrist guards.
really nice band. fits nicer than the original ones. second one i've bought just so i can change it up.
easy to put on and i thought it would move but once you strap it on it stays put . i’d buy again in different colors.
i received my watch band quicker than expected and i love it! it is hands down the most comfortable band that i own!!
exactly as described and in the photo. very pleased!
love this band. lightweight and versatile. easy to remove and clean.
very nice
put these side by side with the $50 apple bands and you won’t be able to tell the difference. love them!
my daughter loved them
love these! not only adjustable for a perfect fit but very comfortable.
bought this in pink and black. i love how soft they are!
very comfortable. looks very good. i really enjoy this band.
fits perfect looks great buying more colors right now highly recommended
high quality band, cool and super comfortable.
great band for the money.
got the item on time. looks pretty good. i like it a lot.
great product for a great price
i love how the band fit and it is breathable
great for the price
fits well; looks attractive
great deal for the price. works fine with my series 3 in rose gold, color is a bit off, but no big deal.
looks just like the original i watch band. love it
did like a lot very good
so comfortable, just what i wanted. love this band.
great value works well only complaint is that it gets dirty easily
it is comfortable
good product. color  is perfect and almost just like apple band but a lot cheaper. and also shipping was fast.
comfortable, easy to use, great quality.
love it! very, very comfortable! it’s also stylish and looks exactly like the ones apple sells.
my girlfriend has used it a few days now and she loves it. looks exactly like the pictures did.
the same exact band they sell at the apple store for a fraction of the cost, i was very satisfied!
great value for the price.
what i love about this strap is that it’s easy to wear and weightless
nice colors !!
on time beautiful color perfect fit. great purchase.
amazing product, use it for running and to play sports very comfortable quality
love the sports band! it’s so comfortable. i will be purchasing the same band but in different colors!
great quality! love it! will be purchasing more soon!
item exactly as described.
this was exactly as described and worked perfectly.
looks just like the expensive ones you buy from apple.
i really like this watch band easy to put on, comfortable and love the velcro adjustment on it!!!
amazing product! i love it and the color is so beautiful! thank you so much! so comfortable!
good quality!
not what i expected. it’s a smaller band than expected. i would try it again though.
amazing product. same exact thing as the nike version. feels/looks perfect.. going to order every color
i love the color. it’s very comfortable and easy to install. i plan to purchase more bands in other colors now.
awesome band!!! purchased for my 8 year old... it’s way easier than the apple band!!! definitely recommend for anyone with small wrist
the wrist band is great. showed up on time. fits great. feels sturdy. no complaints here!
just what i expected for a great price!
ojo que el color cambia
ordered the dark black strap and it’s now my favorite watch band. will be purchasing more!
it works for a while then it wont stay!
great replacement watch band at a fraction of the cost of a name brand band. fits well and looks great!
i like this band a lot. it's comfortable and matches my silver 38 apple watch perfectly.
production is awesome.
love it
exactly what i wanted! i was nervous that the velcro would not be sturdy but it is and will order more colors!
live this band!  love the colors and that it fits the perfect on my small wrists!
very good quality, exactly what i was looking for
i love the band it is very comfortable, and the color matches my series 3 watch perfectly.
great price and quality!  buy these.
great fitting band! looks just like the apple one but for a much more reasonable price!
great band! quality and color are both excellent. quick delivery and great service.
amazing
i love the band it stands out but picks up color but other than that very comfy
i just love this band. adjustable and breathable.
great
high quality
super nice !!!! excellent quality and good price !!
my son loves this new band.  easy to change out and looks great.  he loves that he can adjust to his exact size.
good quality, great value. not going to last for years, but a great value for what it is.
well made and very comfortable. the length is little longer than the apple made band, which is a plus.
love it!  looks great. it’s a bit smaller than the regular bands band size but it’s still great and fits fine
fits my wrist perfectly, it is exactly what i was looking for.
just like the picture, love the quality and the velcro works perfectly
very comfortable and looks good.
i like the look and it fits perfectly.
just what i wanted and at a great price. quality item. super fast shipping. thank you!!!
watch band was great
i have purchased several different colors!!!
this watch band is comfortable and fits well. the color is fun too.
received on time and is exactly what i expected.
love the color and fits perfect!
just as described
well made. just as advertised
quick delivery. product as expected.
good material! well made.
super comfortable and love the color options! i prefer this band over the one that came with it! will be buying more!
good material and pretty. i love it.
the bands is very comfortable and breathable. i love it.
i’ll be ordering more of these!
daughter loves the new band
i love this watch band
very comfortable and soft nylon. the pink is a little off from the rose gold but still looks good!!
great bands just as described good material would buy again
love how lightweight it is and the color is perfect!
thank you for this amazing product!!!  more than i expected!!
i love this band!  the color is bright and the band is comfortable!  i look forward to buying more colors!
great bands for a great price
great quality!
great band.
great product!! exactly what i was looking for!
just what i expected, i’m happy with the band.
just what i expected
it was a gift for my brother, he loves it.
love this band,very comfortable and fits perfect! i will definitely be ordering other colors.
band is soft, easy to put on, comfortable, and the velcro makes it easy to adjust
💕💕💕 very comfy and fits great 😊
best band i ever own and very affordable
this item was great. it fits perfect and looks great.
just what i needed.  i really like it.
great watch band. easy to use and good for working out. looks awesome too!
nice inexpensive band.
fits perfect. strong hold. lightweight.
it arrived quickly and works like a charm. very comfortable and affordable.
great
the product fits perfectly and is exactly what i expected.
this band is so comfortable going to get more colors.  definitely worth the price!
enjoying the watch and.
very good quality
so comfortable, soft, easy to take on and off! will be buying many more colors!!!
good quality!  i'll order another color soon.
it arrived quickly.  i would order again.  great price.
product as described
good quality! fit perfect. fast delivery.
awesome quality! i really apreciated
love it, so comfortable and stylish and a fraction of what i would of spent at a local store.
seemed equivalent to the straps costing 49.99
very nice
looks and feels great!
this band is great, comfortable and durable.
watch band was exactly what i wanted
the color is like pictured. fits perfect.
excellent
this is a great product overall, comfortable and good quality.
love this!
awesome band. very comfortable
great product
great product love it! and fix correctly
great fit! the velcro holds up well too!
excellent collection of quality bands
excellent product and seller
excelentes producto
i love it!
excellent! great price and fast shipping!!! would buy again
great product!!  color is even brighter than apple brand
great quality for the price!
the band is very comfortable and is great quality.
perfect watch band
very happy with the product. it arrive fast and was as described.
i like the fit.
not the same quality as the apple version of this product, but still does the trick.
really comfortable band!
looks great and is very functional.
simple, practical, attractive, and inexpensive. need i say more?
the band is true to color and very durable and comfortable. will be ordering in more colors.
very comfortable! i’ll probably get this in multiple colors
is very comfortable and fells like the original
looks great, easy to install!!
it looks like a nice band. came fast as told it would
very nice band... cute and comfortable! awesome especially for the price.
received my band very quickly and it looks amazing with my watch
i ordered this for my friends, and he is satisfied with this : )
love it! comfortable, easy to adjust, and love the color i chose.
arrived super quick and looks great! very affordable
very nice!
great! love the colors and is my favorite band!
excellent quality and comfortable watch band
great to have a backup apple watch band for a great price!
item as described
the band looked exactly like the picture. it gives your watch a more casual look. i bought it to wear to work. love it!
nice, comfortable i like it and the price is good and affordable.
great band! exactly what i was looking for! love the midnight blue color too!
nice color, fits my watch perfect and so far durable.
good product for a good price
great colors and comfortable!
the product is just as described and great quality.
very impressed when comparing it to the real apple bands, you can’t tell the difference!
loving this band for work during the summer and love the pink sand color
so comfortable and light weight!
great item just as described, very comfortable
most comfortable band that i have brought yet.  really love it
great replacement band!!
great band!
i really like it
fit great
very happy!
excellent  quality and value!
love them!  so soft and colors are amazing
love it! i’ve had no issues with it coming apart.
feels great, is very light and comfortable.
love it works great and looks great
thanks! i love my new apple watch band!
love it! was just what i expected.
awesome product feels comfortable fits great!!
exactly what i expected it to be and arrived in a timely manner. worth it.
as advertised. solves my problem with the original band feeling sweaty.
perfect!
perfect just like the product shows
lovely comfortable and sport true to size and convenient!!!
item as described.  fast s&h.  thank you
the band works great!
arrived quickly and item is exactly what i was looking for.
i love my watch band.  very comfortable fit and the color is really nice!
love the color. it fits perfectly. fast and easy service.
love it. very comfortable to wear.
looks great! wears well, stays in place.
it was exactly what i was looking for, came when it said it was supposed to.
no issues with the item. received it as promised.
these bands are perfect!!  thank you so much!
arrived on time. exactly as described. would recommend
perfect
i loved my new band .
as good as apple brand watch band
looks good!  as pictured and described.  happy
exactly what i was looking for!
love it!  thanks again!  easy to use and fits great.
the color is perfect and the material is soft and comfortable.
looks just like picture.
quality product. received in a timely manner.
it fits perfectly on my watch!
very comfortable
great to work out in. velcro is strong. perfect.
nice. fit perfect.
great product!
love the color and it’s so comfortable!!
purchased for my wife. she loves it. fits perfectly and doesn’t slip on her wrist.
love the watch band.  exactly what i wanted!
nice product no issues daughter loves it
it fits and looks nice....good value for money
absolutely great product especially for a great price!
awesome! super comfy. fixin’ to order a few more.
great quality and will be buying more.
excellent band
came just as shown in picture, very comfortable. thank you!!
exactly as pictured love the band!!
great transaction. thanks yunsea.
nice band, soft and comfortable to wear.
looks nice! fits good!
adjustable to exact measurements
love it! looks great and fits great, couldn’t be happier
is really good and long lasting
great band. could wear it all day.
love it, well made, fits great
great product !!!
love it!!! intem as described
fits perfectly!!  super comfortable.
great
so glad i made the  purchase! plan on getting more colors!!
comfortable and hold perfect!
the band is well made and the shipping was fast.
just as advertised.
the band fits well.  it is very nice.
looks perfect and fits great and very comfortable.
i love this band!!.. it’s super comfortable!
got it for my gf. no complaints
love it
very nice and comfortable
this band is very comfortable. i ordered it specifically for working out and love it!
super speedy delivery. everything i wanted.
perfect band!
my husband loved it.  will be ordering more.
fast service, satisfied with the product!
love it! comfy to wear and really easy to put on.
love the band. fits perfect and is really lightweight and comfortable.
love it. ordered two
great quality and finish
great band!!! i highly recommend.
nice selection and work great
great, fast service. exactly as described.
great deal.  works fine, looks nice
awesome color
awesome watch band
very good product
love the watch band. fast shipping. thank you
apple band is a great product good quality.
bought for my husband and he loves it.
good product
love it. feels nice and comfy. highly recommend 👌🏼
love them. they were exactly what i wanted.
fast delivery and good product.
it’s a nice band for the price
very comfortable and stylish.
great band!  received it within 2 days.
very good
very comfortable to wear.
a great wristband for the price
good product.
exactly what i wanted! thank you!
great product, fast shipping!
beautiful and practical
easy to adjust to your wrist and taking off.
great quality .. quick shipping ..
love it!
fits, feels, and looks great!
si me gusta
great
great and quality product!
good quality for price
i loved this product
jst awesome
love the why it fit easy to  adjust to your arm
fit great and quick delivery !
very good quality. super comfortable
solo hubo 2 dias de retraso.
fast shipping, nice band
great
i loved my product!
love it!
awesome
it’s just easy!
love it!!
fits perfect! thank you!!
like it.
love it!
great look and fit.
great quality.
great products for your watch
love it!!
thanks
love!
i love it
love everything
good
have tried other third party sport loop bands, and most are crap.  this one is better.  it is thinner than the apple sport loop, but not as noticeable.  it also doesn’t seem as long as the other third party sport loops i’ve tried.  i actually like it.  it’s good for the money i spent.
i love this sports band...to me looks just like the apple version only a lot less expensive...try it...you won't be disappointed!
more stretchy than some other nylon brands i’ve purchased, which i like.  works terrific and the sea green color is cute. there is a gap which you can see in the photo where you fold the band back but it doesn’t bother me. my other brand does that as well. would buy again.
love the band! dries almost as quickly as the rubber band but looks much nicer!
great value and just as described thank you.
the bands: i love the way they look, the price is reasonable, and they are very comfortable.
very comfortable and lightweight. not stiff or scratchy like i imagined it may be from pictures. don’t have an oem band to compare it to, but this looks good and fits well. in fact it’s my favorite band for kicking around the house or working, since it’s so flexible and lightweight.
i have a new apple watch and ordered the nylon band so i have options to change the black band that came with the watch.  i love the nylon band. it is far more comfortable and easy to put on and off than the original band. thank you for a great product!
i like this band a lot. durable, well made, and you can make it as tight or loose as you wish. only downside - somewhat tight when sliding over hand for putting on/off.
at first i thought that after a while the band would be a uncomfortable, but it feels like you don’t even have the watch on  very soft on the skin and comfortable need to get more colors
let me tell you by starting off with the seller they’re wonderful i had a problem with my first shipment from amazon and the seller corrected my problem with no hesitation they’re great as for the band beautiful looks and feels like the original i have the apple watch 3 and it came with the grey band and i wanted a pure black band and let me tell you wow it looks good i guarantee you that you wouldn’t be disappointed with this product it has my full 5 stars
well-made, easy to put on and nice quality. i would definitely recommend!! looks just as good as the apple band but for way less money.
the band is easily adjustable to your wrist. i like it a lot compared to the wrist band that comes with the apple watch also i’m a very athletic person & i didn’t like the feel of the leathery one where it felt a little sticky because of the sweat unlike this one where i don’t have to mind the sweat with the band. i’m very satisfied with it.
i bought this watch band for my daughter who has had trouble with previous bands binding and hurting her wrist. she loves this band and says it feels secure yet very comfortable. the color is also very nice with her rose gold watch
very pleased with this item.  the band is soft and much better than my old rubber one that made my wrist sweat.  it's easy to put on and good for any size wrist.  would definitely consider buying more in additional colors.
perfect fit, super comfortable, looks good, at a good price. perfect band!
beautiful and stylish!!!! love the band!
great band! just like the ones apple sells but not nearly as expensive!
comfortable to wear, easily adjusted, large selection of colors, perfect for wearing during physical activities.
good quality band for my apple watch. will buy again.
love my apple band ...!!! is everything i expected, reasonably priced  and super comfy will definitely be buying more in different colors
cute and comfortable!
i have super sensitive skin, most of the other bands for the apple watch cause my wrist to break out in a rash. the yunsea band is soft and very comfy. i’m a big fan with how it looks and feels
great band
i have a very small wrist worried it would still be too big. it's perfect able to adjust to any size wrist.
very comfortable and easy to wear
love the color and materials.
the watchband did not make my wrist hot
love love love ❤️❤️❤️
love this band. fit my watch perfectly and stays velcrowed on. doesn’t fray when i take off and put back on. material isn’t as soft as the apple band like it and that’s okay with me because if it was, it would fray just like the apple one did when i tested it in the store. isn’t rough or hard on my skin! definitely going to order more for sure.
i like the band.  so far it seems to be working out however it seems as though the velcro isn't super secure so time will tell.  it's a bit early to leave a valid review but i've warn it a few days through my workouts and it is comfortable overall-i like this material better than the silicone when i am working out outside in the summer heat and humidity of south florida.
bought for summer as i wanted a band that would feel cooler on my wrist... been very pleased thus far. if could, would give it a 4.5 because it puckers up a bit on the folded side-- but figuring such would be the same for any similar product-- i'm happy and would order again, so a 5 it is!
so don't get me wrong, the band is absolutely awesome! it's takes showers, it powers through my "workouts", and most importantly it stays on without stretching over time.
since buying my iwatch 18ish months ago i have purchased at least 10 different bands to find one that is comfortable, durable, and breathable.
love theses bands. the only complaint is it was a lot more hot pink than the picture. this is my third band like this. wish they would have
love this band! it is exactly like that one in the apple store. am so happy to have made this purchase!
great quality and looks exactly as pictured! i love it!
the price was good. it looks and wears good. i highly recommend.
i love this band, fits well and i love the way it hugs to my wrist
great gift.  the person really loves it.
great quality and very comfy
nice looking easy fit
colors are great, quality is top notch.
it was a little tricky to get on. i kept putting it on backward​ or upside down resulting in it not fitting properly. once i did get it on, it fit perfectly! feels great, does not scratch or irritate my skin.
great watch band - very pleased!
i been looking for this band everywhere and i’m glad to have found it! it was exactly what i been searching for! it’s breathable and the color is nicely rich. the stitching is wonderful and on par with oem apple bands.
excelent
this band is the best sports band i have used! i have had an apple watch for about two years now and i’m glad i found this band for the price. i have a small wrist and it fits perfectly.
👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
perfect
soft and can adjust to any size. i was a little worried that the metal bit that slids into the watch would scratch it, but it’s fine
its a beautiful band and very comfortable. i wish there were the same color options i see with the regular nylon bands.
great fit and very comfortable as well. nicely done!
didn’t end up liking the major color different but the strap is good overall.
excellent product. band is comfortable . breathable and it fits perfectly ... i highly recommend it
love this watch band super comfortable and easy to clean.
great product
very comfortable band!
good quality.
love the band very much.  no problem even after months of wear.
i have a ton of bands and this is my comfiest one
great product, just what i wanted.
i loved the band and it came 5 days early sooooo that’s a plus! it feels amazing on my wrist!
very content with the product.
better than expected
beautiful color
good quality
i love the color and it came really quick
i love it!
very pleased.
i love the band, it’s really comfortable and soft.
looks just as pictured with no problems. fabric is super soft & the velcro is very stable. i was worried about sizing because i have such a small wrist but it fits great. fast shipping was a plus too.
it’s very comfortable, while the silicone band it came with was still comfortable, it often was tight and digging into my skin. this one does not do that. the velcro makes it easy to adjust. i’m definitely very happy with my purchase.
in love with these! soft & comfortable...wonderful colors!  slipped onto my watch perfectly...very happy 😃
excellent product.
i like that it is easily  adjustable
i was pleasantly surprised by the quality for it being so inexpensive. i have one of these in a diff color i bought from apple for 50$ and this has the same level of quality! i will buy more colors!
soft and comfortable. looks great.
really great deal.
i really enjoy my watch band - it has no trouble staying on my wrist, and works great when i'm at work and doing a lot of moving around. would highly recommend this seller.
very nice, good quality.
really good
great product! recommended! looks like very expensive, well finished, good quality! worth it!!!!
looks just like the $50apple strap. worth the $10 bucks.
shipped promptly and fits perfectly. nice color and durable materials
feels good on the wrist will be ordering a different color
this band seems to be every bit as good as apple's band that costs four times as much. it's comfortable, attractive and easy to install.
great band at a great price
i have had this band for a while now.  when i first opened it, the color was more white than grey, but i didn't mind.  it fits the watch well and i haven't had any issues with durability so far - just the normal discoloration from sweat and regular use.  sometimes it does pull my wrist hair, but not very often. overall it is very comfortable and light. sometimes the tail of it will get caught on something and a couple of velcro fasteners will come unlatched, but it hasn't come off completely, so i feel that my watch is very secure.
i really like this band. i usually wear the classic rubber bands (which i love), this one is very comfortable and breathable!
comfortable and easy to put on
so i had issues with the original apple watch band because it kept causing an allergic reaction. i decided to give this a try because it was nickel free. i am so disappointed that i did not discover this band sooner! it looks great, and is unbelievably comfortable!! i would buy it again in a heartbeat!
works as advertised but annoying how often vendor emails to get feedback on its product.
nice product with affordable price. it fits really nice and it’s really easy on the hands
love it.
love it
product as described - quick service - quality item.
it was exactly as i expected. good quality.
🗿
i love this band the other ones i have had hurt my wrist but this one doesn’t bother it at all
very comfortable
fast shipping and great quality! i love it!
i found this band to be as effective as the stock sports band for keeping the watch positioned. it it is much easier to put the watch on and remove it.  the band does not work loose during the day.  i have also used it successfully while swimming.
this item shipped quickly and came as described. the band is all velcro and easy to use. it worked better during my workout than my previous sport band. it dorsnt slide on my wrist.
very comfortable bands. won’t ever wear another band.
very nice product!
this arrived late but i believe it was due to amazon and wildfires in california not due to the seller. the item looks and feels just like the $45 brand name one i originally bought!  i would definitely buy again.
great band for the price! also i order one day and got it the next!!
great band. stylish and secure. i’m super pleased!
perfect for my watch.  fits great easy to attach to the apple watch. the prices at apple are ridiculous for pretty much the same band.  i bought one for myself and a month later bought another for my daughter.
very comfortable!  only had it for a week, but it seems like it will be a great deal all the way around.
this apple watch band works as described. it’s comfortable and lightweight. it has a better fit than the silicone bands so the watch can better track your workouts, etc. the band is good quality and it fits my apple watch series 4 (s/m). i would buy all the colors from this brand.
love it!  fits great! stays on perfect and was a great price....
cheap alternative
i wanted a new watch band and this one was the right color with the right amount of adjustability.
great product. basically identical to the band apple offers but a fraction of the price.  the 42mm band fits the 44mm apple watch 4
like the color
nice quality. been wearing it off an on for several months, and it’s holding up really well.
perfect
looks great with my gold apple watch 4, just like the one from apple. easy to attach, infinitely adjustable, comfortable, keeps watch firm on wrist during workouts.
great
love the band-so easy to put on-and off-holds well and like the look!
would buy again
very nice i really like this - casual wear.
the velcro closure and the ease of putting the  watch on.
very good quality.
watch band is comfortable and stylish
my only regret was not buying more of these. but that will soon be remedied
we just purchased series 4, 40 mm and 44 mm apple watches.  these bands are all that they advertised and more.  they fit the watch perfectly and look and feel absolutely great.  we purchased 1 for each watch and will certainly purchase more different colors.  the price is unbelievable with at this point feels to be great quality compared to the apple brand bands.  you will be absolute pleased with your purchase.
i love my soft nylon sports band fromyunsea.
i love the watch band , it’s exactly what i was looking for . it fits perfectly & is so light i don’t know i’m wearing a watch, love it !!!
good strap just like the description says
comfortable
exactly as pictured! it works very well and stays on my wrist.
quick shipping and product was exactly as described
better than expected.
great watch band.
arrived quickly and exactly as described.
great product
i love this watch band. i think it looks and feels exactly the one that apple offers. fits great - soft, comfortable. i'm very pleased. i purchased 7 new bands for my apple watch and this is a fave.
6 months later and it still feels great. velcro closure is still strong and hasn’t even gotten gross with lint or pet hair!
awesome watch band, very comfortable!
so far, i am very happy with the watch band. it is comfortable and firs well!
easy to install and 6 bands to always choose from.
good quailty
excellent watch band! light and durable, would order from this seller again!
product was as described, fit well and seems to be well made. easy installation also.
love it
i purchased this for my series 4 40 mm apple watch. if you follow the video instructions it will turn out perfectly. i tried it the first time without the instructions and it was terrible. you have to do it exactly the way they do it in the video for it to work. it’s a nice screen protector that will keep your watch safe from scratches.
easier thani thought to use. actually stars closed when putting on and taking off heavier jackets which was a main concern.
looks and feels just the actual apple brand.
strap was well made n color very natural/neutral.
great product. gonna buy more colors very comfortable.
great !
i get a lot of compliments and it fits great!
great band! the plastic bands make my wrist sweat in the heat. this band does not. good band for working out.
great watch band. i was a little unsure of the velcro at first but, it’s very sturdy. i’m happy with my purchase.
bought these for my wife and she loves them...comes in nice looking colors and they are durable to have on a daily use...
fits great, doesn’t wiggle. color is a little different than what i thought bur definitely a pink so all is well.
i am so glad i found this project. all i had found at a reasonable price before we’re silicone bands. which were nice and fashionable but if you did any kind of physical activity and you sweat like me they get pretty stinky!!
amazing product at an amazing price.
so far so good. no complaints. easy fit. comfortable
i just love it!! i love the variety of colors they offer for a fractions of the cost. i compared to apples sport loops and i can’t tell the difference. if you are looking for a band that matches your personality, then get these you won’t be disappointed. i will buy again! the service from amazon was prompt. i’m usually skeptical about dealers i haven’t bought from before but i was not disappointed. just get one already.
i've mainly had silicon watch bands because i find they are the most comfortable, but decided to give this one a try after reading the reviews. i was pleasantly surprised. the band fits great on the watch, is super comfortable, and durable too! i highly recommend!
i bought the band for my apple watch because i was having issues with what my original band was made out of. this material is way better for me than the other one.
i love that it’s adjustable for a bigger wrist/loose fit. the material is soft and doesn’t irritate the skin. it’s great!
i thought this would just be a regular nylon watch band with a velcro closure.  i was pleasantly surprised by the built in elastic that allows it to stretch for more comfort and ease putting on.  well done.
comfortable watch band, light weight, and i can hardly tell i have it on. highly recommend band.
really love this band for my apple watch.  it is true to the picture and the color is just beautiful.  i paired it with a protective case that i bought separately.  couldn’t be happier with my purchase.  the band is comfortable and easy to put on and to adjust.  i wouldn’t change anything about this product.
it is very comfortable and easy to adjust.
good quality for the price.
this product completely invalidates my belief that you get what you pay for. normally i would think that an apple watch band costing around $12 would be junk that lasts for a few months. this band feels like one i'd expect to buy from apple for over $50. it is super comfortable!! easy to put on and take off. i was skeptical about the velcro, but the velcro strips stick very tightly and feel securely stitched into the band.  for this price i want to buy many more colors!
a great alternative to apple's branded version. compatible, comfortable, secure, fraction of the cost. we'll see how it holds up, but from the initial look, it's a good buy.
like most third party apple watch bands, i feel that i need to review the band and the mounts separately.  the band itself is very nice.  i went with the neon green color hoping to match the nike+ complication. it does an okay job as far as color goes but the band feels like good quality overall. great even for the price.
love the fabric but thought by description it was more of an olive green. color is more deep  gray
easy installation. love the color though it is more  neon yellow than the picture shows. good fit
looks great and the price is right.
comfortable to wear. very easy to install.
great watch band for my apple watch. it’s the second one i’ve bought. love the look of it!!! great service from the company also.
the color of band was darker than the picture.  decided to keep it because the band is very lightweight and comfortable.
super. i’m very pleased.
bought a few bands for my gf. this one is her favorite. worth it. perfect match with rose gold apple watch.
looks and feels great. love the multiple colors in the band that make it very neutral to wear.
great quality and price
awesome product
great band. get exactly what you see
purchased as a gift after buying them for my own apple watch! love them
súper cómoda y duradera
seems fine, sturdy and looks good.  stays on securely.
bought as a gift
really nice fit. much better alternative to apple's version. actually great for working out and/or taking advantage of the apple watch's heart monitoring function.
so far from my use, these are the best replica of the sport loop i've used. quality is very similar to apple's. highly recommend
nice colors and perfect size
love the color, the quality is very good, so soft! very happy with this band!
great band. durable and breaths well. my leather band was sweaty this one is much better. the velcro strap is adjustable to any size wrist and i love the color too. great item good price.
love this product. fast shipping and great price.
beautiful and comfortable thank you
very comfortable
well done!
fast shipping, awesome color, comfortable and very nice. highly recommend
is a very nice and good fit
i bought this a while ago and have been using the nike sport band on my apple watch.  sometimes my wrist is fatigued so i try another band.  this band is amazing!!! i would wear it exclusively if it dried faster after my swimming workouts, but other than when i'm in the pool i have this band on.  i plan on buying extra bands as they are amazing!  it makes the watch even that much more comfortable!!!
the bands are made very well and really look good, they go on the watch nicely. the only think is there about 1/2 inch short for me hard to get over your hand.
great band
the watch band came quickly and on time. it is very comfortable to wear and the color is exactly what i wanted. i was looking for a gray color. it ls labeled as olive but looks more gray like. the olive is actually around the edges of the band. it looks and feels great. the velcro clasps keeps the band tight and doesn't move or loosen at all in the short time i have been wearing it. i am very pleased and would recommend this to anybody.
this band is very stylish and comfortable to wear.  the velcro holds nicely even when working out.  the color matches perfectly to my rose gold watch.
second band from this seller and i love the good quality for a low price!
fast delivery and good quality. recommend to buy.
love the color and style - great buy!
after reading the reviews, the olive color is more gray, which is what i wanted.  works great, haven't had any problem.  the product arrived promptly.
absolutely love my new watch band, it looks and feels fantastic! i was so impressed with the choices of colors and how much it looked like the much more expensive apple bands! zero complaints and will definitely order again with this seller!
this band is very comfortable & stays put. i’ve had trouble with watch bands with the pin falling out of the band & my watch falling off, breaking or losing it. so hoping this band is going to be the band that i can trust!
this band was easy to install and adjusted quite comfortably.it is a very good replacement for the apple watch.
it’s great. very soft and easily adjustable. i have not had it long but so far so good. i do not know how long it will stay looking nice!
well is very chick, and stylish. the only thing is that since it has a magnet it attracts metal.
seems to work fine but the plastic tip on the end of band fell off the first day being worn.  does not to seem to be a vital part of band, so i am using it wothout the platic tip.
this is the 3rd band i’ve boyght from this seller. great product! never disappoints.
great band for the price.
beautiful!!! love the colors! so many for a decent price! comfortable fit on my wrist!
a great alternative to the genuine apple watch cloth bands, with a good and comfy fit for my so. definitely a small band, so make sure you know what your current band size is before you purchase. hopefully this will hold up to long-term use, but initial impressions are good, with no workmanship defects or quality issues. velcro pads seem to hold tight without fraying the material.
very nice product and fits nicely
super comfortable fits awesome velcro holds tight makes watch feel so light on wrist
love it , better then i thought it would be
perfect adjustable fit and it feels soft. very easy to adjust to the right size for your wrist.  the velcro has held up very well and does not seem to be losing its grip.
i love this watch band. i now have two of them and will definitely buy more!
color matches perfectly and the fit is great!
the watch band is exactly as described and a lot more comfortable than the band that came with my watch. it arrived faster than expected.
i like how soft the band felt around my wrist and the velcro makes it easier to put on and take off. very high quality.
i absolutely love it. it can adjust to any size. i would recommend it to any one.
the yunsea apple watch bands fit my apple watch perfectly.  they are cool and lightweight.  i like the velcro closure.
the band fits perfectly on my watch and on my wrist. it’s comfortable. i would recommend it to others. i am considering getting it in different colors.
side by side comparison to sport loop by amazon is amazing.  really minute  difference
this is the best band ever.  i have only had it for a few days but love it.  it stays put not like the magnetic ones that get stuck to the shopping cart and then get loose on my wrist.  it is soft like you are not even wearing anything.  just wish it came in like a burgundy or plum solid color.
like the yusea band very much. easy to use and non magnetic.
it’s easy to put on and comfortable. i love the color too.
love this band. perfect. great for the money. will be buying more colors.
exactly what i was looking for!  arrived quickly as promised.
good product but color appears slightly faded in comparison to pictures. overall good though.
great quality. i compared this watch band to the one at the apple store and looked identical. i will be ordering another color.
this apple watch band fits my wife's apple 3 version phone perfectly. it is stylish, and easy to put on and off and adjust. such an improvement over the silicon band that came with the watch. highly recommended!
this watch band was just what i needed. i purchased the all black and i love how black it is and does not feel like it’s made cheap, which is what i noticed other bands have felt like, but not this one.
this band is amazing! it’s so vibrant and durable.
i love this watchband - great quality and color.  i will be ordering more.
perfect for my 44 apple 4 watch
it looks great and is very comfortable. the material grays a bit from the velcro, but it’s not noticeable.
i bought the pale pink band from the same company. i loved the color and material; the ends that fit into my apple watch moved a bit, but it felt secure enough. still, i liked the product enough that i experimented with their six-pack. it turned out so much better than i expected!
i love this band , it’s amazing. i highly recommend to anyone who has an apple watch
i like that it’s not itchy and it’s very comfortable to wear all day. such a great item for an affordable price.
if you have a small wrist, this watchband is for you.  they are soft and you can easily put it on by yourself, unlike other watchbands.  they’re great.  i bought three!!
love this band. i bought a similar one at the apple store for much more money and this one was just as good as the apple one. i will be buying more bands from this seller in the very near future.
switched out the rubber band for this sport loop.  more comfortable and fits better than the rubber. high quality and 1/5 the cost of the apple branded one.  no complaints.
this watch band is great! i can't tell the difference between it and the same style one i have from apple. i actually got it for my skinny 8 year old son and it fits him very well.
these bands come in all colors and easy to change out on a daily basis. just love them!
really looks just like the ones apple sells, for a fraction of the price! will probably order another color soon.
just what i expected.....very satisfied and using it full time already
good quality
this would be a 5 star band for me, except that one of the plastic pieces that attaches to the watch is loose even when the securing pin is engaged. it seems like it’s still secure enough to wear, but it does wiggle around noticeably. it’s hard to show in a photo but the last pic in this review shows where it’s loose.
comfy and works well
purchased because occasionally my nike band which came with watch caused skin irritation. i wanted to be able to change out bands frequently in case it was a result of my not thoroughly cleaning my band enough. the colors are great and match an array of my clothing.
super comfortable! feels like it’s not even on! true to color!
works as expected. very comfortable for tennis, golf and more. fits watch very well, and looks great w rose gold apple watch. will definitely be ordering more for me and as gifts.
this is exactly what i was looking for ! fits great and looks great ! i highly recommend this band...
i appreciate this watchband more than the original rubber watch band that came with it!  i've just had it about 5 weeks, but everything is great thus far!
good
not the fully quality of the apple versions, but good enough for the price
perfect for what i bought it for.
i bought these because i didn’t like the apple sport band. not very breathable. these are super comfortable. the velcro like portion keeps the watch securely attached. fits my 44mm perfect. love these. switch them all the time
it looks cute on my watch. love it!
comfortable and matches perfectly with my series 4 gold watch. good quality.
band doesn’t lay totally flat kinda bulky...but i still like it
looks and material feels good
this band is perfect! the sand color looks just like the one apple sells!! my only complaint is that the part that hooks into the watch face is a bit loose. nothing too bad that it bothers me too much.
great
this fits great!  lots of gray comments from coworkers. does get dirty so i would not garden with is
just got it and love it. very comfortable and light. great for working out or everyday use. i was concerned about the strap but the strap stays very secure.
nice, really nice and sporty
like original
ordered this band in the dark olive color way. i’ve been wearing this band exclusively for the past month and so far i’m very happy with it! it’s incredibly comfortable and looks great. it’s a nice change from the black sport band i’ve been wearing. the nylon band is more stylish in my opinion. so far, no signs of material degradation. the loops on the nylon still look as they did when new. the adapters do have a slight amount of side to side movement, and they’re a bit oversized for the slots, but it’s hardly noticeable while wearing the watch.
love the band. easy to put on, comfortable,durable and a variety of colors
it was better than my expectation
this is a very comfortable, attractive watchband. it stays on well, and comes off easily. i would definitely buy another one.
my new apple watch band was better than expected. very pretty ,lightweight and comfortable. great shipping. would recommend it to anyone.
really love this. plan to order more in different colors.
super lightweight and comfortable to wear. fits nicely with new apple series 4. similar to the sports nylon offered on apple store. love this color with a tinge of green over the grey.
i have very petite wrists & the band wraps all the way around. i loosened it up to make not so obvious. either way i really like this band. it’s comfortable, & the colors are beautiful.
item as described. fast shipping!
i am very happy with this watch band. it looks great on my rose gold 38mm apple watch and the price was much cheaper than what i probably would have paid for an apple watch band.
love the band!  very comfortable and easy to put on your wrist
i received my band on time and it is high quality, love it!
these bands are awesome! very well made, great colors. very happy with this purchase!
arrived quickly, very comfortable, and fits/looks as described!  i highly recommend this sport loop.
it fits the 4th gen apple watch fine.
great bands at a great price. seems very similar in width and weight as the original apple design. the band is about .5” longer than apple’s ( which should be more convenient for people with big wrists).  i bought one in red and liked it so much i bought the yellow. overall a great value.  i have a third generation 42 mm apple watch. i do not know if this will fit the newer collection.
发货很快，谢谢！ 它很棒！very fast shipping and it works great! thank you!
i wear my watch every day.so the sport bands get pretty worn. with this new band which i love is comfortable and is a notch up to wear when going out!
very nice and good quality but not quite the same quality and material as from apple. but, i would still recommend this to buy.
good product
i really like the band so far, been wearing it for a couple of weeks.  it's comfortable and seems to be made well.
love this product
it’s light weight and easy to adjust. recommend for all but especially people that frequent the gym.
band fits my watch perfect and is very comfortable. eliminated issue with original band causing my workout timer to pause while lifting waits. watch stays in place without hand movements causing workouts timers to pause.
i love this band! it’s so soft!
best apple watch band i e ever purchased!
super comfortable and lightweight! i actually don’t even feel i have it on, which is awesome..very soft band!
i have used this watchband daily for the past week or so.  i see no noticeable difference when comparing to the apple watchband except for the huge price difference.  it is very comfortable and just what i wanted, just not at the apple price for about 5x's the price.  at the price i paid for this one i can purchase a variety of colors.
super nice and extremely comfortable. i had my doubts at first since i never bought any aftermarket products for my apple watch ⌚️ but this one is just perfect. great fit, great quality...took it for a swim 🏊‍♂️ in the pool and it dried immediately after and i take it to the gym everyday and no smell whatsoever.
comfortable and functional for all occasions. great buy.
this band looks and feels exactly like the band that came with my watch from apple - will definitely buy more colors!
great band, of the three that i’ve used this is by far my favorite.
for this price, i’d buy more! i’ll actually look for more colors and treat myself. great little band with a great little price.
it is very comfortable and looks great!
this band is perfect for my watch..
good quality
great for working out, sweat band
this is my second order. enough said. highly recommended.
this band is very comfortable!  the silicone band that came with the apple watch would often smell and irritate my skin (yes, i washed it regularly). this band is light, breathable and very comfortable.
nice!
great color and looks expensive.
ordered this for my husband and he has been happy with the comfort, appearance and ease of putting in on the watch both initially and daily wear.
it’s ok- i don’t like how wet it stays when i wash my hands. but that’s not the products fault. my fault for buying a non plastic band. the velcro works great. functions as intended.
i love love love this band. it’s so soft and comfortable on my wrist!
shipped fast. so far so good!
they fit very well clean and shiny make my watch look brand new every day
overall its comfortable and attaches to my 42mm series 3 well, one issue i have is that the color doesnt match my watch all that well. not a deal breaker, but not perfect.
price was great compared to apple. very comparable!
i love this band!! it’s exactly what i wanted, super light weight you can’t even tell it’s there. color just as pictured. highly recommended.
great compliment to my apple watch
i'm really not the rate amd review type but the quality that this band offers is impeccable at this price. go for it
great band for the apple watch; it allows your wrist to breathe instead of trapping sweat underneath like the band that comes with the watch.
the pink is so bright! really good quality! definitely worth the money!
love it. looks great and is comfortable
been using mine for almost a week now and no complains, it seems to be durable and the the price, there is nothing to complain about.
i wasn't sure what this band would feel like but it is very comfortable!  i love it and it is easy to wear!  i will buy more colors as needed!
fits and feels great, no more hair pulling. easy install.
they are now all that i use.  they go with everything that i wear all the time.
great quality watch band. i bought it for the series one 42 mm watch but it also fits my series four 44mm watch perfectly.
i love the watch band! it is very comfortable! the velcro is strong! i like that it doesn’t pull or snag hairs on my arm!
great bands.  love the colors and what a great price.
nice and comfortable band. daily use
good, stylish, sturdy, band...very happy with it.
super comfortable, fit as expected, colors true to pics.
i love this band. i love how it feels. i can adjust it to just the right size for my wrist! love it!
love this band!
great fit- looks great. just what i was looking for. i see myself buying more colors in the future.
so far i’ve only been wearing this band for one day. it slipped right in perfectly to the watch with no issue. the day i received this band i also took a trip to the apple store and was able to compare it with the identical apple watch band and can say it is exactly identical. i am so far happy with this product and will update this if anything changes.
works great just has some fitment issues to the watch face but still works just fine. i have had no issues in the last few months.
i'll be buying more. they are great.
going to order more in  several colors.  this style is the most comfortable band for apple watch.  i have a small wrist and the adjustability is great.
product as advertised good follow up from seller
easy of use and looks good
this order was exactly what it promised which to me is  the best kind of order. good material, durable and i love the color.
i love this watch band! it's so soft and so comfortable. a total difference from the watch band i previously had. love the velcro! and it's stretchy too. bought ones for my husband also. he loves his. highly recommended
the original band the apple watch came with really irritated my skin. i have annoyingly sensitive skin,  and was wary that this band would also irritate my skin, but based on good reviews, i gave it a whirl. this band was a lifesaver! super affordable, great quality, incredibly comfortable. absolutely no skin irritations. i plan on buying more in different colors & getting some for my fiancé!
seriously the most comfortable band for the watch. love the color. super easy to put on
this thing is cheap and it is also very practical for everyday use.
beautiful and fits my apple watch series 4 perfectly!  there were so many band colors to choose from that it took awhile for me to decide.
i love this product best apple watch band i will buy more
wife love it
my sister really loves that watch band
comfortable, pretty color and easy to attach to my watch!!!
great fit, good material, love the color
bands look great on
good quality
the black band with little pops of blue and pink goes great with the gold series 3. looks and feels like an official apple watch band. time will tell how well it holds up after showering with it, wear and tear etc.
i like this band, and it is super comfortable. i only have one problem with it. as you can see, i am a smaller guy with a smaller wrist, so i have the 38mm case and this is the 38mm band. when the band is released to the max capacity, it barely fits over my hand. however, once over my hand, it has plenty to wrap around my wrist. it is stopping on the last pice of "hook" (velcro) that is attached, but i'm not sure i would want that removed as it might not hold as well when on. overall, it does fit over my hand with a little stretch, and it fits great once it's one. it's miles ahead in comfort over that rubber thing that came with the watch. i am hoping it will break in a little and then fit over the hand better as well. that is the only reason for the four stars. it is a personal thing, but it is my money i am spending . also, there might be another guy out there with an odd hand to wrist ratio who will find this helpful.
the velcro type closure is far superior than the oem band closure that comes with the watch.  the band exceeded my expectations.
got this as a gift for my friend and she loved it. it's a perfect fit and feels really good to the touch.
no directions on how to install, but i tracked down a youtube video to figure it out. arrived quickly. packed well. fits just right. thank you.
me agrado lo lijero y facil de poner
love it!!!
worn  for months through thick and thin. i ordered a light blue that shows dirt a little more. the band itself is very durable. just what i wanted. but the color is a factor. make sure you get one that suits your activities. i wore for yard work, bike riding, gym, and everyday.  i have washed it numerous time which it withstands. but the light blue became dingy with all my activities.
a mi esposa le encanto dise que seria feliz con uno de cada color por supuesto no puedo comprarle todos pero estamos muy contentos con el producto y le damos 10 estrellitas  muy buena calidad y modelo.
this band is comfortable and looks nice. definitely worth the price.
almost identical to the apple brand bands for a much more reasonable price.
i like the band and price.
i have the band in black and wanted dark olive, instead i received gray.  keeping on because returning the item is a  waste of my time.
i ordered one of these not knowing if i was going to like it at all.  i'm picky about my watchbands.  i wouldn't say it feels quite as high quality as the apple version - the band didn't lock in quite the same way, for example - but for the price?  it's pretty great.  comfortable, nice color, and amazon was quick to replace the first one i got for one that locked in properly.
pretty color. the only comment about it that is doesn’t glide smoothly through the plastic part holding the strap.
band is all it was described to be!  fits well, good quality, comfortable to wear.
nice quality. does not snag like other bands i have purchased. feels weightless and handles sweaty intense workouts.
it's a really good band has a similar feel to the apple ones. it's also a really good price. highly recommend it.
just as described. i got the midnight color and it looks great with my watch. i was skeptical about the velcro and how good it would hold but it is very secure and fits my small wrist which is what i have a hard time finding for bands but this fits great!
this is a great alternative to the apple version.  great customer service too!
bought this as an alternative to the apple one that they make and for 10$, you cannot go wrong with it! fits like it should and is super comfortable.
fits great and looks great. i will be ordering g a few more!
this band is very comfortable.  i needed a new workout band and this works perfect.  i bought the dark olive band, and it is more gray/silver in color, which is what i wanted.
love this band, great quality!
i have no issues with the band. i love it.
shockingly great product for the price
i think i finally found the one i really like. had to send back a few sport bands i bought from amazon but this one is a keeper.
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
nice band that i can easily adjust throughout the day. it is also comfortable and lighter than the original band. will buy some other colors.
perfect for my needs
i actually like this band more than the apple band.  it's a bit firmer and seems to stay snugger on my tiny wrist than the one that came with my watch
first, to be perfectly transparent, this is not identical quality to a true apple sport loop. some report that it is, but as one who also owns a genuine apple sport loop, there are differences (some more subtle than others).
delivered quickly looks nice
snapped in easily, fits perfectly, and the color and quality are perfect. i ordered two—pink sand and electric pink—and both are cute, sporty, and go with many outfits/styles. the main reason i chose this style was to avoid a hot, sweaty wrist (which always seems to happen with the rubbery/silicon ones) and they're perfect... breathable and comfortable. my wrist is happy!
very nice band, looks good, if you have bug hand will need to move the band to max opening
nice band that is exactly as described.  it is comfortable and easy to put on.  well made and the color (pink sand) looked exactly like the picture.  will consider ordering this in other colors.
this band is really nice. i’m weary of buying bands because they come from overseas and are made with smaller people in mind. but this band fits with a ton of extra room. it’s really nice - goes well with the halloween/thanksgiving time of year!
the only thing i dislike is that i ordered the wrong size. i heard that all apple watch bands are compatible with every other series.
as described and well made
have only used it for a day. it feels very comfortable. got it wet and it dried pretty quickly. can’t say how it will hold up yet. if it doesn’t last, i’ll update. so for now i’m enjoying it.
nice quality and fits the watch and my wrist
i love the ease of getting it on and off.
this band is almost identical to the band sold by apple at a fraction of the price.  good quality and performance.  it fits the apple watch 4 perfectly.  highly recommended.
nice band
great band for the price. very comfortable. i ordered the midnight blue which appears to have specs of pink or lavender and matches perfectly with my watch.
i like the velcro and it is very comfortable.
great band and company
i love this band.  i can't imagine paying $49 for a genuine apple band when this band works perfectly.  it is so comfortable and doesn't sweat like the silicone band the watch comes  with.  i can actually forget i'm wearing it. at this low price i plan to get more colors.  i bought the seashell, which is grey with white trim.
i recently bed this item from amazon and extremely pleased. it fits great and looks great. couldn’t ask for more and the price was right. i will buy more soon.
good product for the money. would buy again.
so far so good, good buy and nice color. good quality and would definitely buy again. i am a veterinary technician and i am constantly moving and restraining with this and so far it’s holding up.
very comfortable and looks good aesthetically
perfect fit, finish and look.  can’t beat it for the price!
very nice band. lightweight and breaths easily
very comfortable. just like the one apple has but at a fraction of the price
a+++  love the colors and fit!  :)
love this band.  exactly as stated and just what i wanted.
my series 2 apple watch is being passed down to my better half and she needed a band that would fit her smaller 6" wrist.  it turns out she really liked the look of the apple seashell band on my new watch and we picked out the seashell watch from yunsea. we put the watchbands side by side, apple and yunsea, and they are identical in appearance and feel.  i'll be ordering an extra for my watch in another color variety.
perfect fit for my 38 mm series 3 apple watch!  great price and easy to change out my bands for different looks.
easy to put on- stays comfortably snug. looks nice!
very comfortable. easy to install. great value for the money. haven't had it long so i don't know how it will last but so far so good
they are a little snug to fit your hand through but holds tight and made amazingly!
love it!!
i received my purchase earlier than expected, and i’m very satisfied with my watch band! thanks!!
loved this strap
great quality and quick delivery!!
i absolutely love how soft it my new apple watch strap feels against my skin.  i loved it so much that i ordered a black one for my husband. the velcro makes fitting it around my wrist perfect. it’s never to tight or too loose. it also doesn’t unfasten during high intensity workouts.
i love this watchband.  easy to snap shut with the small velcro patches.  the fabric is sturdy and blends well with the watch.  absolutely love it and very happy with the purchase.  very good value for the money.
i have not yet worn the band, but like it’s appearance.
nice looking, my wife loved it
fast shipping and very good product
awesome fabulous love this band!  durable, flexible and long lasting.  my daughter has  had hers since june, she loves it and still looks new (she wears apple watch everyday).  velcro still works on hers too!  i highly recommend!
fits perfectly. will buy again in different color.
exactly like original great quality!
love the material the band is made from... great for sports and working out.
i love it!
looks just like the real apple bands
looks great with the rose gold face. i like how breathable it is. the latex gets too sweaty.
i just received this watch band! love the color and it fits my tiny wrist with the 44mm watch!
beutiful fabric
this band fit well and has become my favorite!
so comfortable exactly like their pictures i’m obsessed
these are the same thing as the apple $50 watch strap, bought 5 different colors! great product and highly recommended!
comparable to the bands they sell at apple at a much better price.
this band is comfortable and stays secure. tried several other bands out there and was disappointed with them. so far this band works great, the fit is perfect and it is secure.
the band looks great and seems to be high quality. very comfortable
looks and feels like the one that the apple store sells...
awesome product!
the band itself is really nice to the touch, although the color is lacking a little bit. it is a tad bit shorter than i expected, but it feels nice and hasn't frayed yet.
excellent product
i was bored with my original band.it is a pretty, very comfortable and adjustable.
love it! arrived as expected. looking to buy more colors. velcro closure is great!
love it!!!
it came quickly. it was exactly the color i wanted and so far seems to be of good quality.
i have bought a third party band from a different vendor for my apple watch series 3 in the recent month and had to return it because of a bad fit on one of the lugs and also the velcro was not that strong. however, buying from this vendor (yunsea) has been a completely different experience. the quality, fit, and velcro of this band is comparable to that of the genuine apple sport loop. i own a black genuine apple sport loop band and wanted the cargo-khaki provided by this vendor. 5 stars for this product. thank you!
excellent product!!!
i owned several bands and i’ve found this is my favorite band.  it’s comfortable, light, and doesn’t irritate my skin.  the color matched my rose gold apple watch too.  good product!
it’s very soft
great material.  has a little flex to it for comfort and support.  my wife loves this watch band.
love this band it is one of my favs
i was very please on how fast i got my band. the quality of the band it's pretty nice and so far i have no complaints. i totally recommended.
my favorite watch bands! i have several
well made, soft, easy install, easy close, very comfortable.
i’m loving this band. it’s comfortable and fits my 38mm watch perfectly.
excellent strap for apple watch
very happy with purchase.
fits and looks great. delivered as expected.
i love it, it does not look cheap and it fits perfect. i also like that the seller contacted me to make sure that i got the product...love it thanks. i will be ordering a few more..
great replacement band! fits great good quality
exactly what i wanted!
muy cómoda súper bella
i like the color and the way this product feels, it looks great on! not a big fan of the velcro strap because the more it gets wet the weaker the velcro becomes. but overall i really like it so far.
the color rose gold was perfect. this is the vest sport band for my apple watch
i really like the comfort of this strap. it is also cute. it seems like the velcro will be good too!
band is exactly like the apple band but at a fraction of the price. this has become favorite band when being active. most comfortable band i own
i have very small wrists, so it is often quite difficult to find a watch band that actually fits well.  with the velcro adjustability, this watch band fits perfectly and looks great every day.
after seeing pricing for bands at my local apple store, i questioned the quality of a sub $12.00 watch band...until i received this band! although i've only had the band for a couple of days, it looks great and feels very comfortable on my wrist. i've received numerous compliments from friends. compared to the cost of an apple watch band, i consider this purchase, money well spent!
it's comfortable to wear and way more adjustable for my small wrist than the original silicone band that came with my series 0 apple watch. i have no complaints about the quality or craftmanship so far. it seems to be well-made and durable. if anything changes i will update my review. this is a great deal.
i love this band. it’s comfortable and cute and easy to put on
love this band! great quality, and it is a beautiful color! it had a great feel to it! you can’t beat the price!
this band got stuck in my watch. it was a very scary hour trying to get it out. be aware.
feels as good as it looks. my teen son fell in love with it on sight. so i gave it to him. i’ve ordered another color from this seller. highly recommended.
great quality
good and fits smaller wrists
comfortable to wear. matches my rose gold watch perfectly.
like the original apple watch band
i have several watch bands for my apple watch and this one is by far the most comfortable. it does not irritate my wrist, especially when i am exercising. it arrived quickly as well! i will be ordering more in different colors.
this strap far exceeded my expectations.
light weight, super comfortable, dries very quickly, perfect fit, i just ordered a second one!
dislikes: the color is not all black it has some different color stitching along with it
was as described and arrived on time
looks and feels great on my 40mm series 4 aluminum space gray watch. appears durable, only time will tell, but...it’s very low cost.
my favorite watch band yet - comfortable and easy on and off
likes: easy to install. very stylish, durable and comfortable.
works great as a sport band. got the rose color to go with my rose 38 mm watch. fits and matches perfectly.
this band arrived in perfect condition, and arrived as described.  it fit my wife's iwatch perfectly!  she really loves it.  thank you for a great product, and timely delivery. :)
this band is awesome! you can achieve the perfect fit by wrapping it a little bit tighter. love the color as well and it also feels very lightweight compared to the original band that comes with the watch.
i purchased an s3 (gps only) as my first smart watch right after the s4 came to market since the price dropped so dramatically. the first thing i noticed was how uncomfortable apple's stock band was and what a pain in the a#$ it was to put on. ok, maybe its not *that* bad, but i didn't like it, and the first thing i wanted to look for was an inexpensive velcro-like band for simplicity.
this band is so comfortable.  it is exactly what i wanted.  i will definitely be purchasing more of these.
it's effective and less irritating to take on/off than some other bands. however, it loses its elasticity pretty quickly - not a deal breaker, just a bummer.
love this band. holds the watch securely. unlike other bands i have purchased it is very light on the wrist. colors true to ad.
i like the watch band. so far i am pleased with the product.
as described
this watch band is honestly amazing.
pretty good iwacth band,good quality and wear comfort
i am quite pleased with this band.  i'm an apple watch series 1 owner and i've tried six or seven bands now on my watch and i have to say that i'm pleasantly surprised with how light and comfortable this band appears to be.  it has quickly become my favorite band.
great price
i loved it! the same one apple has but cheaper price!
love how secure it is! does not slide around wrist!
really love this band! better than i expected.
very comfortable
good product. colors were accurate. bands seem to be same quality as apple bands.
i don't have an apple brand sport loop (which is why i purchased this one), but this loop seems to be just as good as theirs would be. i got it for 44mm apple watch 4. the velcro is secure so you don't feel at all like it will fall of of your wrist, and the attachment points on the watch also seem snug and secure. i have had 2 other aftermarket bands, and this one by far fits the best into the watch, feeling both snug and secure. i would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a cheap alternative to apple's overpriced bands.
was not expecting much, clearly due to the price point. pleasantly surprised!
good knock off band for the price
very nice and good quality
awesome! fits perfectly! great for working out with.
best watch band i have had. doesn’t make my arm sweat 😊
looks and feels great! going to order more colors.
i've only been using my band for a few hours but so far i really like the way it wears. i wasn't expecting it to be so pink, but i'm actually a fan of it. at this point, i would buy again!
great product, it works really well, delivery took a little bit to long but overall it all good.
good quality band for the price 👍
so far they seem to be working correctly, there was a small imperfection in one of the bands but i fixed it by gluing a plastic piece that fell from one of them, other than that all good on them, one thing to mention is that the red band is not a strong red but rather a lower intensity of the color.
personally, more comfortable than the band it comes with for exercise & physical activities.
i am allergic to the band the watch came with. this band is pretty comfortable and easy to put on. it works well with my watch.
love my purchase.
fits very well and looks great.
the band is so much more comfortable than the silicone or stand bands that comes with the apple watch. the velcro has stood up through 3 months of use and not much fraying on the spot where the velcro attaches.
exactly what i expected! very soft and easy to wear. the midnight blue is speckled with other similar colors so it’s very versatile and has a nice texture.
perfect, i'll be wearing it for work, very comfortable, i will need to order more colors.
i love this watch band. i will be ordering more for myself and as gifts.
it’s a perfect match and size.
it fits perfectly on my small wrist. i’ve had problems finding a band to fit because they all have been too big but this one is fantastic. and i love the feel of it.
the band itself is awesome. it has a nice fit and feels good. the only complaint is when you first put it into the band chamber on your watch it does not fit if you do it wrong. i almost broke the clip on my watch.
this watchband is every bit as nice as the apple equivalent for ¼ the price. i wanted a color different from apple’s choices as well and was impressed with the range of colors offered. will be ordering the band in other colors in the future.
no issues, just like oem products.  very happy with purchase.  olive color does look more grey, which is exactly what i wanted.  material soft and strap is secure.  velcro material is secure also.
comfortable very comfortable and great fit n feel 🤩
we bought two of these, one for my wife, and one for me. we both find them nice looking and very comfortable to wear. the only downside to this band is that it is a little difficult for me to put on. you may want to measure your hand to verify that it can comfortably fit through a 9 inch circumference opening. my wife has no issue with this, but i struggle to put it on because my hand is a little too big for the max opening. the hook segments of the fastening system do not fit through the bracket. this limits how far the band can be opened.
love how comfortable it is compared to the harder bands that come with the watches. the color is awesome too!!
watch band is very comfortable.
love the sport loop! first one i've purchased and i've already recommended it to my friends and family. comfortable and seems to he high quality too!
great watch and and service
perfect fit 44mm apple watch
fast delevery. looks just like the picture. very strong velcro.
great product for the price
fit my apple watch perfectly. very comfortable.
it is very secure. i was expecting plain velcro but this is high quality.
very happy with product. uninstinguishable from the real apple band
this is my fourth band i purchased! absolutely love these bands! they are so comfortable, and no more sweaty wrist when i work out. just as good as the ones apple sells at a whole lot cheaper price!
i can’t directly compare this band to the official apple variation since i don’t own an apple official one, but i can say that i have been pleasantly surprised by the quality of this product.
love it! it's so soft, and stays put without any velcro catching on anything.
i love this watch band!! it feels great on my skin! i’m going to purchase more! love it!!
super cute
the band arrived quickly and was exactly as described.  this was given as a gift.  the recipient loved how easy it was to get a perfect fit and how breathable the band is.
looks good and a nice band. i thought i ordered the green one but now may order more. thanks
awesome band
wife wanted black to replace the rose color from apple. this appears to be same quality. she loves it.
the fit is perfect and it’s so comfortable. for working out it’s the best
nice style and it’s a comfortable fit
among all the bands available( and i tried many) this is my favorite.light, fast to put on and available in many colors.
this band is perfect just like the photo. i like it.
a perfect fit, light weight to the point where i forget i am wearing it, and it looks great on the watch.
great product, only thing i don’t like is that it’s a little difficult to adjust strap once you stretch it out completely to put on. besides that great quality for price!
very good product and fast shippers
love this lightweight yet strong watch band for my 42mm series 3 apple watch. it looks great!
i bought this band for my husband as an alternative to his silicone and milanese loop bands. he really likes how easy it is to put on. he thinks it is safer and more secure. it is also attractive and looks the same as the apple band.
i had the original apple watch band but had to replace the watch for one didn't have the sport loop band option. i'm still trying to figure out why anyone would pay an extra 40 bucks for essentially the same product. seriously, i can't tell any difference. and, compared to the sport (read: rubber) band, it's about a million times more comfortable. plus the velcro gives you unlimited length options. yep, it's a winner!
at 1/4 the price of the oem version, i was willing to take a chance on this. i loved it enough to send one to a friend who also has an apple watch. i figure that is a pretty good recommendation.
very cute and comfortable. just what i was looking for.
update: 3/28/19
one of the most comfortable watch bands i’ve ever tried. very soft, and easy to adjust. very fast shipping as well!
watch band looks nice, slightly brighter pink than photo. pattern on band is same on both sides, so when you wrap the band and attach the side with the velcro, both sides look the same. i got a band from another seller where the sides were different, which doesn't look as nice as this band.
i love this band! i have several bands for my apple watch and change the out regularly. i like that this one is fabric instead of the silicone ones i usually wear. it is breathable and stays put with the velcro unlike some others i have tried that slide open. this is such a subtle pretty pink color. highly recommend!
amazing price and is almost identical to the original, which is over $80 rn. thanks highly recommend this product
i really love this band, i get sweaty under the band that came with my watch. this band helps with that problem.
very comfortable and easy to switch out. it’s comfortable, and wears well. it also doesn’t trap moister like some bands, so it doesn’t break out your skin. i would definitely order this again.
i received this band today , it's soft and fits my daughter and my self perfectly it's easy to sugar and comfortable to wear .  it's the prettiest rose gold color.
closest match to the real thing. color looks like the apple original.
i loved the texture and how easy it is to keep it clean, will continue to buy more colors
super comfy & stylish band. i rarely take it off. love how easy it is to adjust & how well it holds up.
very happy with this watch band looks great with the space grey apple watch
good packing, good quality. it will be better if the band is more stretchable.
very comfortable! the normal apple watch band that comes with the apple watch left my wrist sticky and smelly but this band is comfy and odorless so far!
i also have a silicon band, but sweat and dirt would accumulate under it.  this brand is breathable and comfortable.  it was easy to install, and it stays in place. it also compliments the rose gold color of my watch.
very nice!
good quality, good looks, and it holds the watch securely.  i was afraid that it would come loose from the watch body, but it holds securely.
i was look for a light weight band that didn’t make my skin raw when sweating. this band is what i wanted. you can hardly feel it on your arm, doesn’t make my skin raw, and you can adjuat it  to be tighter or looser depending on what you want. i love the color and just the band overall.
great quality.
great watch band--sturdy and pretty as well. just what i wanted!
great looking, comfortable watch band
when i first got my series 2 watch i wanted this band but refused to pay what apple wanted for theirs. this one is just like apples version! don’t hesitate buy it!
it’s good. not exactly what i was looking for but it does the job.
i’m so happy
the band works fine but it makes it difficult to charge the watch on a stand. twice in the last week (the total time i’ve used this watch) it didn’t charge at all because it was slightly off. i think it’s because the band is heavy and tilts it off the charger.
awesome band, have been wearing it for week - no problems during workout, runs, work- love it! and super cute- already have had multiple compliments.
great!
i am really excited about this i am really  sensitive to many different materials and am hoping that i am able to wear this for a long while
i wasn’t sure how to put this it on at first because i had never used a band like it but once i figured it out and put the band on i loved it! it’s very comfortable and matches my rose gold watch perfectly! highly recommend
looks and works great.  been wearing for over a month and it is holding up really well.
love how easy it is to put on and take off. fits perfectly!
i love the looks and feel of the band!!! they are sending me a new band becasue i realized after the first time wearing it one side doesn’t not clasp securely, so i can no longer use it.
love this sport loop. fits better than regular apple band. doesn’t retain water and a lot more adjustable to fit better during workout. definitely recommend. fast shipping too.
easy to order, shipped on time,  came as pictured, and easy installation. soft comfortable band.
love this band. it’s my go too band now. very comfortable and very durable. goes great with my rose gold watch and i’d buy more.
love this watch band!  it matches my rose gold watch perfectly, it's secure, easy to use and looks great!.  i will order from this company again.
a
don't usually write reviews but have to say - i love this band - it is the most comfortable band that i have! i'm ordering another color!
nice color! blends with pinks,greys, and blues! easy on and off with velcro!
thumbs up
fast shipment, great product.
very durable and super easy to clean and stays latched.
i love the sport loop because i can adjust it to the exact size i want using the velcro.
headline says it all.  nearly identical to the one at apple at 1/5th the price.  a++
my dog chewed my old band and this was an exact replacement at a much cheaper price
you cannot beat the price and wow did i receive this quick. thanks for a speedy service.
i like this band for the fact that it’s so light weight and doesn’t even feel like i’m wearing my watch. good quality.
love how easy this is to install, how lightweight it is and so comfortable
i really like how the band fits and looks.
i love my new sport band. can’t wait to order more colors.
i love the comfort of this band! it was super easy to put on the watch as well.
i use this band everyday, except for days i dress up and use my fancy one. this one is perfect with any casual outfit.
i love this band!!! it looks great and a great price
good quality
this band is really nice. i wore it and so comfortable. i want more of them :)
excellent product and exactly what i wanted for my girlfriend’s 38mm apple watch series 3.
awesome! just like the one they want $50 for at stores.
i love the armband super easy to adjust and take on and off. love the pink color and price point too!
perfect and was what i expected based on the pictures
good product. just like apple bands.
it is just as shown.  looks good, adjusts, and holds tight!
love this band! will definitely order again..
cute cheap and comfy
great product! love the band! dealer was very nice to work with!
absolutely love the watch band extremely comfortable as well.
looks exactly like the apple version.
loved it and will be ordering more.
great price, love the band.
just like the apple watch band
perfecto
easy to wear, comfortable
it great for runnin and working out because it doesn’t slip or shift.
light weight and stylish
i love this band! extremely comfortable and worth it
love this band!
love it... fit perfectly and comfortable.
love this watch band! excellent!
just as pictured!! love it!!
good
awesome product
live this watch band.
the stock band starts to stink after a while and becomes hard to clean. this is a great replacement and i won't be going back to the stock band.
this band is super cute and really comfortable!
looks and feels the same as the apple band. pleased with my purchase.
the material seems sturdy and easy to adjust.  i wore it on a run today and it stayed secure just as i would have hoped.  the color is a bit lighter than shown in the picture, but i would still recommend this product.
my sister brought me an apple watch for my bday. loved it but the band broke and when i took it to apple store, they wanted to charge me an arm and leg. searched ok amazon and found this replacement band. pretty easy to repair alone but had my hubs do it for me. saved me over $100 on repairs.
love this watchband!  watchband arrived as promised. it’s a 38mm m/l & fits beautifully. love the pink/grey color. matches my series 2 apple watch in rose. easy to attach. very comfortable to wear.  i will look at this seller to purchase other watch bands in the future. will definitely buy again.
bought this watch band for my daughter and she loves it!  she told me that she likes it better than the original band which came with her apple watch series 3.  i will be buying from you again in the near future.
here is the thing... you get what you pay for.
ordered this for a friend after looking at it in the store. in store it was running at $50, on amazon it was $13 or so. she really likes it, it's functional and comfortable.
i love this band. it doesn’t get stuff stuck to it like the silicone bands and doesn’t get as dirty. it is adjustable even for people with tiny wrists like me. and actually makes my apple watch look like more of a watch.
absolutely love this band! it's my everyday band that i use, mainly because it's adjustable and comfortable! would definitely recommend and repurchase!
this is my favorite band. it is attractive, fits perfectly and is very comfortable. definitely the most comfortable band that i have.
this band was exactly what i was looking for!!!  great for summer heat.
wonderful! stays in place during my workouts. velcro is strong. it doesn’t hang off the band and pick my shirts. and it is cool! hot muggy summers, a cool band is needed.
ordered this thinking i was ordering a fitbit band, oops! however, it is really nice and i have several apple watch friends; i feel it’s high quality enough to give as a gift. very nice!
a nice band needs to give you another velcro  piece due to the band is too big for me and it gaps
item as described. arrived when expected. band is very comfortable. i have small wrists and the 38mm size is working well for me. also bought in dark grey.
easy to put on watch and on arm and its very comfy. i like it better than the loop band the watch actually comes with. it is good quality for a good price
love it! definitely worth the price rather than buying one directly from apple.
this band is super comfortable. it’s better than any band i’ve owned so far.
very comfortable! perfect size. received very quickly and excellent customer service!
perfect! looks exactly like the pink sand from apple. very durable and fits perfectly. the velcro it's strong and i've not had any problems with it coming off.
very comfortable watch strap. no hard edges to irritate wrist.
color match is right on for my rose tone watch. probably the most comfortable band i’ve tried to date!
i definitely like it. it’s lite weight, easy to take off and on, and feels good on the skin. if your looking for something to replace your stock band i recommend buying this watch band.
super comfortable! i sleep with my watch on and this is breathable, no irritation, and comfy. would recommend.
love this...light weight...nice color.
love my new band.... very comfortable and looks classy!
love it!  great quality, and holds up well even with my daily workouts!
great band thank you!
comfortable and easy to put on and take off
so far so good. the band clicks in perfectly and seems secure. it also fits well and is pretty comfortable. it looks almost exactly like the actual apple band minus the fact that one side has a thinner border than the other side for some reason. kind of humorous to be honest. anyway, i think it's worth a try.
first impression was great! very comfortable and nice quality! changes the feel of the watch in a positive direction!
easy to put on and take off (durable).
very comfortable and great quality. love the ability to have velcro adjustment.
very comfortable for summertime. looks amazing.
love it!  will be purchasing another one!
works great. easy to attach. my wrist does not sweat under it.
price is great, fits and is durable
love it
nothing... i love it!
good band and beautiful color 😍
i just got it in thank you
love it!!
good value
great product!
it’s okay. not as cute as i was hoping and a little different style than i’m used to, but it is what is advertised.
😀
love this band.
i received this band for my birthday gift and i loved it because it’s sweat free.  i can’  tell difference between this products and  apple watch bands.
i’ve been wearing this band for a few months now, and i love it. it has held up very well, and the velcro is very strong. i haven’t reached for any of my other bands, including the ones directly from apple. i have recommended this band to a few friends, and will continue to do so.
arrived quickly easy to install great product and comfortable
i was looking for a more comfortable band to wear for running. i was intrigued by the apple brand but the price was ridiculously high. very pleased to find this one at a fraction of the price. i’ve been wearing it non stop the past several days and i really like it. i’m hoping it lasts and doesn’t wind up fraying. if it holds up will order additional colors.
i received a lot of compliments on the band, very durable and for a great price received it quick too. i will continue to buy more from you.
i love my new band! if you are deciding to see if this is worth it compared to the apple watch band that is $50, this band is so worth it. it is basically the exact same. this company is also so helpful, when you order your things they send you a separate email asking if everything is ok for you and really complement your needs.
i love it! looks just like the picture!
i like it!
good
absolutely love this band. very comfortable and easy to put on and wear. the apple watch band irritates my skin and this is soft and feels durable. so much better than the original. and the price is reasonable.
love it! very lightweight.
i like this band. it has a nylon braid feel to it with a slight stretch. easy on and off. velcro holds it in place. you can adjust tightness to exact comfort level. not sure about how long the velcro will last but it is very comfortable. i would buy this again.
it’s great!  love it!  fits good, looks neat, very easy to attach.  no problems at all with this product.
love this band. so easy to attach and super comfortable. i love that i can take it off and on quickly!! great purchase!!
the band is exactly what i expected.  comfortable and easily adjusted.
love how light it is
bought this for my wife. she wasn’t sold until after the first day. it has been her only band since then. comfortable and stylish. super durable and she is already looking for another color.
apple 3 watch
great
i love it it’s comfortable and easy to put on
same/similar band is available directly from apple for $50. this was a much better deal. also, this band is way more comfortable than the awkward silicone one that comes with the apple watch, especially because i have a tiny wrist. i would have returned the apple watch if i hadn't found this band.
love this watch band! just like the ones in the apple store and the price is much less!!
this band for apple watch is wonderful. the one my watch came with was plastic which made my wrist sweat. this one doesn’t do that. i have the  rose gold watch and it matches perfect. i’m so pleased with my purchase.
i love how soft this is. only complaint is that it’s velcro and that the pink slide that attaches onto my watch does not match my watch color at all. great quality and comfortable.
it turned my silver watch into a rose gold watch loved it. fits well and was easy to change.
just ok
i almost paid 45$ for what looked like this exact same band at best buy. i love this band for the gym because it holds my watch tighter which helps get a more accurate heart rate while working out!
love this apple watch 3 band ❤️
very easy to change on my apple watch. like the pink color as it works with my rose gold watch.
i love this makes it so much easier to put my watch on and off. velcro holds very tight so far.
excellent band and wonderfully priced!
i have been using this watch band now for about 2 weeks and cannot say enough about it! it is so comfortable and easy to use! the material is extremely durable. i will be getting more colors to be able to change out for different outfits!
beautiful! can't even tell it's not from the apple store. i have been wearing it everyday for the past 6 months and still looks brand new. would buy over again!
this is my favorite watch band i have and i have a lot! i love that it’s velcro and comfy!
very comfortable
went and compared it to the apple one in the apple store. this band is almost exactly the same! i love it!
awesome !!
i like how well the band stays on and how comfortable it is on my wrist. i don’t like how the inserts that hold the band on the watch seem to slip and don’t stay put.
very comfy, beautiful pink color and looks and feels identical to the original iwatch bands. i have a friend who paid full price at the apple store for his and they’re the same. bought this for my series 1 watch and so far really love it.
matched my watch perfectly and very comfortable.
i like it a lot. i plan to get different colors too.
super comfy and perfect for working out
simple, love how it feels, more comfortable than original apple band for me.
durable was as shown on sight
works great! very good quality!
i bought as a gift for a friend and she is very happy with this band.
most comfortable band i've worn so far. stays in snugly in place with out being too tight like the sport bands.
loving it
fits as expected
great band at a great price
most comfortable out of all my watch bands. only negative if it gets wet it’s wet. i hate that wet feeling.
purchased this band for my wife, she absolutely loves it and says it is the most comfortable band she has worn. she is looking forward to it being her go to watch band.
i doubt that i’ll ever buy a band from apple again. these are cheap alternatives and they feel good on my skin.
i just got the product so i don't feel i can rate it's durability. i'll try to remember to come back and rate in a month. attractive, comfortable, quick drying, easy to use ( too easy-going my toddler keeps undoing the velcro) perfectly fitting watch band.
very comfy and good quality
i bought my 38 mm apple watch refurbished, and it came with the original thick silicone sports strap, which i found uncomfortable.  this replacement is easy to switch, comfortable, convenient, and so far, durable.  i'd recommend it.
love it. price was on point, fit is perfect and very comfortable
pretty good for the price. fits perfect not loose at all.
love this band.
so comfortable and easy to wear.
perfect
love it
just as i expected.
looks good, and my arm doesn’t feel sweaty and itchy while i work out! very happy with this and the price!
the band was received within two days of ordering.  it took less than 30 seconds to replace the original thicker band.  the watch looks nicer--it is slimmer with the new band.  i have experienced snagging of material with some velcro -- not a problem with this one.  i would recommend this seller!
love this band and looking to adding more colors to my collection
looks and works like the apple version.
i like using this and the color is pretty.
feels very comfortable. easy to  put on.
i really like this!
been a great purchase wife's had it for a week or so now. loves how light and breathable it is.
didn't pay much for this band. i needed something that didn't hold sweat or water underneath like the silicone one that my watch came with. this one has held up for a few months and i'm pleased with it. i didn't expect it to be "velcro" all the way around, but i still like it.
i love it!
pretty
love this band! it is soft, easily adjustable, and very lightweight. sometimes i forget my watch is on my wrist with this band. the connectors are very pink though, so it looks a little funny against my gold series 3, but that is the only thing i don't love. great buy.
great fit
band is good looking, light weight and easy to put on
very cute and stylish, comfortable and easy to put on your wrist! quite often the strap pulls through all the way through to one end and sometimes this is frustrating to try to pull it back out. but i love the ease of the velcro attachment instead of trying to match up holes and get it tight enough at the same time on the silicone straps! i bought a black one also. i’d definitely recommend and purchase this again!
love it
love this band.
easy to attach to watch. looks great with my rose gold watch.
i just received this today and i love it! i love how it matches my rose gold apple watch! and i have really small wrists so finding bands that fit tightly are hard! and it was only $7. i’m tempted to order more!
my watch band arrived very quickly and it looks real nice on, once i figured out how to attach it.  there were no instructions but if you look at the photo and aren’t a total moron you can see how it goes. i like it a lot!
love it! very comfortable and convenient.
a little confusing to put on for me lol once i figured it out it was fine. i like the velcro for easy adjustments. matches perfect!
purchased this for my daughter who finally decided to get an apple watch. she loves it.
wow what a comforable and easy to put on band!  i like how it is breathable too.  i would definitely recommend it.
super comfortably and soft. i wasn’t expecting it to be as soft as it is. fits well during workouts and the velcro stays put. super cute colors and definitely worth the buy. no need to waste your money on anything more expensive then this
i purchased many many many apple watch bands before and none of them lasted this long.  it's great for sweaty wrist people... me... highly recommend it!!!!
works good
great band for the price. looks and feels like the more expensive apple one. my wife loves it.
this arrived sooner than the delivery date plus it's high quality and comfortable.
this is my favorite band by far.  i wear it every day.
love this band and how easy it is to get on and off!
love it
my wife loves it.
exactly like the one i tried out in san francisco on the many  times less expensive
great for when i'm working out
just like the picture!!! i love it 😍
this is just as good as the original apple band that they sell at the store. it's way too expensive for $49 so i chose this one but the quality is just as good. it's easy to place and i actually like this band than the one that comes with the watch when you buy it because it doesn't get dirty as easily.
love it.  it's great
doesn't seem to fit into the watch that great & okay quality. very lightweight
love it!!! so soft and comfortable. will definately be getting more in other colors. pink sand goes perfectly with my rose gold watch. light weight too. i’m very happy with this band
fits as expected, great value. i’ve bought 3 now. one for everyone in my family, i liked it so much!
so comfortable!!!!  this is my new favorite band!
this band is perfect! i used the standard band for about a year and a half. it stretched and i was always between sizes. it was a little loose but it couldn’t be tightened any more or it was just too tight. i started developing a terrible rash that i couldn’t get rid of. i believe it was from the constant friction and the trapping of sweat. i bought this band hoping my rash would disappear with the perfect fit. i was right! it vanished in just over a day.
loved this watch band.... had it for about three months now and it hasn’t showed any signs of deterioration.
i love this apple watch flex band, it’s perfect!! the price is right and it fits just as expected, i have a very small wrist and this was easy to adjust. the best part is that it doesn’t cause the bad smell that i got from wearing the rubber like watchband.🤗
looked like picture and works well
i am loving it. super soft, very comfortable...i don’t even feel it. i’m glad i made this purchase instead of the apple expensive one. highly recommend!!!
great!
i absolutely love this band. i saw it on a watch in the istore in an airport and loved the look. when i finally pulled the plug and bought the watch it only took me two days to decide to change he bands. i have been doing tons of yard work and digging with this watch band on and it has so far held up beautifully. i washed the band in the since yo remove the dirt and  let it dry. no problems. it’s ready to go again.
fun to have changeable watch bands again. high tech with my apple watch ☺️
best band ever!! i love this because it’s a little more stylish than the typical sport band (with all the holes) but still casual enough for everyday. also, the comfiest band ever! doesn’t even feel like you’re wearing a watch. love this so much!
love it thank you
i absolutely love this band! it’s very comfortable, breathable and flexible! would def recommend to anyone! i wear it to work and around the house.
fantastic product
is a cute strap and a good dupe for the apple version, but one of the rubber things that holds the strap in place popped off after very little use.
i would recommend this band for apple watch.
sporty but fashionable
very comfortable and easy to attach - love the color!
super easy to use , light weight, cute, comfortable and slips on the watch easily ! love it
not for me but my wife loves it and she got it as a mother's day gift.
i really like how comfortable this watch band is! i have very tiny wrists and it’s hard to get one that’s comfortable and fits well. this one is both! great for everyday and for the gym!
this is so comfortable.  and it has a low profile.  i was hesitant to buy something that wasn’t apple, but this is far more comfortable than my previous apple bands. it looks great too.  i will be buying more colors.
fits better than the old plastic band.
color is exactly as shown. easy to take on and off watch.
i bought the band because the silicone band that came with my watch irritated the skin. i work in a restaurant so i'm hot all the time and i wash my hands all the time so my original band trapped water/sweat/you name it. this one is quick drying, super light weight, and amazingly comfortable - i don't even know i have it on out of the time. 10/10 would recommend.
love this band! it is exactly what i was looking for: a light-weight, breathable band that was easy to install.  super happy with this product
the apple watch is worn 24/7
love this band. it’s comfortable and sturdy
very comfortable, does not irritate my skin. great value
light weight and very comfortable.
everything nice like the product description
excellent quality and wonderful price. wish it would have come with instructions as it is slightly different that most apple watch bands but easily figured out. will be reordering another color.
i good product for the price. compared to apple genuine where you still have to change it after while of use. cheaper one and good looking.
this is perfect for a sport band! it’s super easy to get on and off and it’s so cute! i’m definitely happy with my purchase and for the price, i’m already thinking about buying more colors!
love it
great price! fits great!
great!
great band for the price!
the ease of the magmatic clasp makes it not only easy to put on but gives you an exact fit
cooler than the silicone bands for warmer weather
just as listed and love the material
👍
very nice band!
i bought a couple xtra watch bnds for my apple watch. i use this one the most.  fits perfectly and is great at not feeling too hot n my spin and outdoor rides. velcro holds very securely.
i love this band. wasn't quite sure of the quality, but im very pleased with quality and price. i may buy other colors.
love the fit and the durability
this band is so soft and has a unique material. it matches my outfits and it’s easy to change when i need to. gives me more looks for my black watch face
love these bands!  this is my second one, only because i wore the first one so much that you couldn't tell what color it
i brought this for a the cute style other than the plastic band given.  it is woven  clothe fabric like and very comfortable to wear.  i feel that the velcro may wear out or the band become frizzy after some time.  i also wonder how it will dry once wet.
love this band, looks exactly like the apple brand. great for the price will buy more in different colors.
i was looking for a band that didn’t restrict my wrist too much, and this was perfect. the material has some give and so when your watch is on snug it won’t be to tight to move your wrist back and forth.
love the color good fit
this band definitely looks like the apple version at a much better price! stays on nicely while working out and day to day (tightens and stays put using velcro). only concern is that one side of the band that attaches to the watch doesn’t lock in place, while the other side does. i haven’t ever had it slip off but it’s noticeable when you’re attaching the strap.
very breathable pretty good when it gets wet
feels and look just like nike loop
i would purchase this band again. love the color. love that it has velcro and wraps around my wrist like a bracelet. no fear of falling off. great product. fit my apple watch perfectly. long lasting and does not show dirt easily.
ok to be honest i was a bit confused at first because reviews said the magnet is really strong and mine was sliding... then i realized it had a clear plastic on it so i took it off and it definitely improved but as i was walking it slid a little bit and i wasn’t happy about that... after further inspection i realized there’s another plastic, this time blue, covering the magnet... now it’s perfect!! the pink from bracelet and watch are not 100% exact match but it still looks great! love it!
i bought this steel band for my apple watch 3 38 mm, and it fit well with my watch. one thing good about this band is that it doesn’t have holes on it and you can adjust it to whatever makes you feel most comfortable, it will never be too tight or loose. the magnet bukcle actually sticks to the steel band really well and you don’t need to worry about it falls apart. i often switch the band of my apple watch base on my dressing style for the day. this band looks food with my business causal and i feel comfortable wearing it.
i’ve been looking for a good watch band for several months and i finally found one.  this band is easy to put onto your watch, stays put, and cute.  i have always bought plastic bands because i thought they were the most dependable, until my band snapped and i almost lost my watch.
nice lookin band. color is a pretty good match to the rose gold of the watch. magnet is pretty strong- just have to make sure all of the packaging is off of it. there was a small piece that i missed for the first couple of days. only complaint is that the outside of the magnet area is already very scratched after only a week. i think this is mainly because it gets attached to anything magnetic. it’s on the other side of your wrist so it’s not super noticeable.
very good watch band for the money. the magnet is strong. maybe a little too strong, it gets stuck on itself whenever i take the watch off and makes for a more awkward charging experience. i use a section of a paper towel tube to keep the band out of the way of the charging disc. i might get a charging stand for my watch, that will resolve the issue. i just wasn't expecting to need to when i ordered this band. the band breathes so much better than the silicone band that was included with my watch! it's comfortable and looks more stylish.
this is a great watch band.  the magnet is very strong and there is no concern about it coming off or lose.  one thing to think about is the magnet sticks to everything so sitting at a desk expect to have a random paper cllp or binder clip to stick!  it should clean well since it is easy to remove and wash. i bought rose gold to go with an iwatch, color is very close. over all it is nice looking, works well, and was a great price. i will likely get another one.
i love this, the rose gold color matches perfectly with my apple watch and it doesn’t catch any hairs (as short as my arm hairs are already). i read reviews ahead of time and used a piece of tape to make sure the magnetic clasp doesn’t scratch. it’s a strong magnet too, once it’s on, it doesn’t budge unless i adjust it. color hasn’t faded at all after months of daily use.
i bought one of these designed for my previous watch, a fitbit versa, so when i upgraded to apple watch i sent for the apple version of this band. it arrived promptly, was the same great quality. no problem with scratches or scuffs (at least in black, my color of choice).
perfect. i was skeptable about purchasing one because i’ve been looking for the right one for awhile now. this one is perfect and can be at any length for anyone’s wrist. it matches the rose gold on the watch so well. you get a very good deal at this price. i would highly recommend!
this band is beautiful and comfortable. i can't speak for durability because i've only had it a week but i'm very pleased. as other reviewers have said it's not an exact match to the rose gold but you can't see it while wearing so it's close enough. i would purchase again
i love this band.  it was easy to put on my watch.  it's incredibly comfortable to wear.  it doesn't catch on your arm hair like others do.  it looks good too.  the magnet is very strong so it stays on my wrist without loosening.  it's so strong that sometimes my wrist will stick to a metal chair or desk.  nothing to worry about because you can easily pull it off.  i would highly recommend this band.
easy to adjust. all metal and very attractive. no pins or links to remove or add. just snap it on the watch and go.
this band fits my 38mm watch perfectly and looks great. were it all the time when working as i like to look sharp. band has held up well. the magnetic clap works great. nice tight hold. very happy with this band.
absolutely adore this stainless steel watch band in rose gold that fits like a dream & looks great! i received this fast and immediately dressed up my rose gold watch face and wore it to a wedding, in fact i have pretty much used the band exclusively since getting it in late may 2018. love the fact that it is reasonably priced too!
i have incredibly small and boney wrists which is great but it’s hard to find anything that fits.  this product matches the rose pink from apple and is extremely adjustable.  highly recommend
i got this for my friends i watch and it fits it perfectly she loves it she don’t want to swap the band out for a while now it looks great and fits great
cool-looking, and light. i was worried because i have small wrists, but it fit perfectly. looks really nice too (goes with both casual and formal looks). i use it every day (even when i wash my hands) and still works and looks as good as new.
have used many different bands and these are my go tos. i have the gold and silver and i want all colors. funny working at a desk it will pick up paperclips but i still love it!
this band is very pretty.  the magnet holds, but it does slide loose throughout the day, which is why i gave it 4 instead of 5 stars.
my favorite band. so easy to put on. don’t forget to take the little plastic off the magnetic part. i thought the magnet wasn’t holding because it would loosen. but i noticed the plastic. after removing it. it’s perfect.
looks great and is lightweight. exactly what i was looking for. it does get looser during the day though.
i love this watch band. very elegant and looks much better than the rubber apple watch band. and soooo much more economical. definitely going to buy more since i can tell that eventually the rose gold color will start to fade.
love the color and how perfectly it matches with the rose gold apple watch. the magnet is very strong. the only thing i'm upset about is that the matte metal is already scratched and i've only worn this band twice. but it's on the underside of the watch so the only person who can even see it is me. very happy with this purchase.
i really like the look of this watch band, and the fact that it was affordable was super awesome. however, my only issue is that after a while, the metal starts tarnishing so it doesn’t look as clean and professional when first receiving
this band is perfect for when i want to dress up. it looks more elegant than the plastic bands.
i love this band. works so well and just adds a little class to the apple watch for nicer events.
love, love, love this band. it looks amazing, fits great! excellent product​, almost want to buy another one...
great and it hasn’t snagged my clothes as a previous different brand did.
i like this band it looks nice but the magnet sticks to everything metal which gets annoying. i wore if for a couple weeks and went back to my sport band
my wife loves these.  they do start looking nasty after a year with the rose coating wearing off.  at the price though, just buy a few and you'll be set for years.  better than buying the similar band from apple.
love this band so much! i couldn’t believe how much style it added to my watch. this is a must have, you can dress it up or down. for the price it’s so worth it!
it looks great. the only thing i can complain aboiut is the strength of the magnet. i have actually been eating dinner and realized that i had a fork hanging from my watch. i must admit it made for much laughing for all concerned. great product.
bought it for my wife she loves it fits perfect. perfect for everyday use!
this fits my larger wrist very well. the magnet is very strong and often attracts to items around me which is a bit annoying. also since the mesh is very fine it will sometimes grab the hair on my arm. overall, it's a good band that looks good with my apple watch an is easily adjusted.
update: it’s been a month of wearing it and the color is starting to rub and scratch off.
i highly recommend this apple watch band especially if you are looking for a good dupe for apples milanese loop band which is around $150! the magnetic clasp holds very well and the band is very comfortable around your wrist.
just as good as if you payed over price at a name brand store
love this band even more in person!  the color was slightly darker than the photo but not enough to really notice. love that it doesn’t look like a cheap, fake gold. also, fit my watch perfectly and easy to put on.
great product for the price! after a few months it starts wearing out as the color of the metal starts coming out, but it is great and i will just buy another one when mine gets overused! i recommend this if you are looking for a different style band.
this stainless steel band look great on my daughter hand.. she love it...
it’s cute and stylish. i have sensitive skin, with the rubberish bands going back and forth between sweating, showering and being dry my skin would get a rash and peel. with this band it does not effect my skin the same and make my wrist raw. i can wear it at all times!
much more secure than the cheap rubber band that came with the $300 watch.
love that it’s easily adjustable and the color is perfect!
had one before loved it
love this band! very stylish and love how it attaches with a magnet.
nice product! very easy to use.
the magnet is strong, so far no issues and it’s pretty.
this band is so much classier looking than the silicone band my watch came with. it matches the watch beautifully. it doesn’t feel sweaty like the silicone either. magnet is very strong and holds the watch in place nicely.
wife loves it!! design could have been better.
love this band. fit my watch perfectly and stays velcrowed on. doesn’t fray when i take off and put back on. material isn’t as soft as the apple band. i’ve only been wearing it for two days, but so far, i’ve had no issues with it.
my 8 year old daughter has a fitbit and she loves having these bands to dress it up some and make it more "girly" lol they are a little tough getting on and off but they work great and for sure give the fitbit a different look.
i think its a really great looking band. i prefer it over the original band as its more breathable, i don't sweat under it and it looks really great. it's professional and stylish; great make, too.
funny....the magnet is so strong it picks up your cutlery at a restaurant!!  but very happy with it!
the wife loves it!
shipped quickly and fit perfectly.  bought a milanese band from apple for $199 and i can't tell the difference between the two.  what a great alternative to purchasing the products directly from apple.
great amazing very stylish
i love this band! it makes my watch seem more dressy for work and the price was a plus! it's comfortable and stays tight on my arm for the most part. it did pull my arm hair a little when i first got it but it doesn't seem to be an issue any more. great buy!!
love this band! matches my series one rose gold watch perfectly!
perfect fit for my series 2, good for summer use because i sweat a lot.
i think this is  great and the quality is good especially for the amount that i paid for..
i purachesed this for my niece’s birthday! she likes it so much!  it’s same quality as the one sell on apple store ($50 ).
it looks perfect with my apple watch. i thought it would look cheap but you can even tell the difference between this one and an original strap.
exactly what i wanted. looks just like the picture and stays tight on my wrist.
cons: the clasp is already scratching after 1 week.
great
i absolutely luv these watch bands! i change them out all the time to match what i am wearing. excellent quality- apple should be jealous!
very practical and good looking.
i have had this apple watch band for a week now. it’s very comfortable and stylish! i absolutely love it. after reading other reviews i have not noticed it snag any of my clothing, as far as tarnishing we will just have to wait and see. for now it has been wonderful!
only gave four stars in durability because the band tends to loosen when exercising. not a bad thing because it is understandable. otherwise i love this band.
i love the way the magnet secures the band. the color is just perfect!
perfect match to the rose gold watch. magnet was far superior to another after market band.
the band is nice and comfortable . user friendly and i get a lot of compliments on it.
better than i expected.  the color light gold was nicer than expected.  love the magnetic part so easy to wear.  so far i’m quite happy with it.
loved it! well made and very resistant.
great to watch! very cute. seems like good quality for the price. i’m glad i did not pay $50 at the apple store for one. i hope it holds up well over time.
surprised at how lightweight it is. the magnate is very strong and holds extremely well. i bought the gold one and where it rubs together on the inside it’s a little discolored but no one can even see it so im happy with it.
i really like the color of the space gray band with my rose gold watch face.  the magnet on it works really well, i was worried about the size being too big for tiny wrists but it is perfect and very comfortable.
nice fit. looks great
amazing! works just as describe and it really is one size fits all because the strap is adjustable
great quality for the price
over all i like it, looks nice  the only thing is that its  discoloring  pretty quickly because of the everyday use.
i love the style of it and the color is basically an exact match. what’s not great imo, is that your body hair gets caught in the metal. while not painful, it’s not a great feeling either.
i loved wearing this band so much that i bought it in two other colors. it’s easy to use and put on. i love the way it looks.
an amazing 3rd party option over apple wristbands. very cheap , but great quality. highly recommend to anyone looking for more wristbands to use on their watch.
goes great with my rose gold series 3
ordered it for my sister. it came within two days, and she loves it.
love it!
band is slightly different than pictured. more of a rounded square edge. smooth part on watch band is easily scratched. scratching in pic. still a good product.
i love this band ! doesn’t turn my arm green. i recommend it to everyone . adjustable to any size wrist.
great watch band w/strong magnet clasp (so strong it keeps getting stuck on other things like my fridge door). highly recommend given the affordable price.
fits nicely into the watch face. the latch could be made with higher quality metal, pretty sure it is plastic
i honestly didn’t wear it for long. as others have mentioned the magnet aspect tends to make taking it on and off harder than needed.
no sweat
love the band. it was just what i needed for my love. the fast shipping was great as well. will buy from again.
fits my watch perfect, feels great, and looks great!
works perfect and i love it!
super cute! great purchase!!
love this product! only downside is it wasn’t a gold color like i thought it would be... it’s more of a copper color:/
nice color!
gift for my mother-in-law she loves it!!
it looks very nice while not being too expensive. it’s very comfortable. looks dressy but can be worn with any kind of outfit.
very nice,lighter weight than i thought it would be
beautiful band! it was very easy to adjust the sizing and it’s a very cute lightweight band.
excellent quality and price. very happy with my purchase!
perfect fit and exactly as described
this works perfect and it's very easy to use. my only complaint is that the color fades after only a couple months, but works great for the price.
love this because my wrist is small
works and looks great. material seems to be of high quality and is very durable. definitely worth it over a more expensive band of the same style.
works perfect for series 4 i watch. looks elegant and comfortable. i recommend.
love this band. good quality and feels good on wrist. great value for $$$.
looks great and works well with the iphone! great value!
the magnet on this thing is super strong i was worried about it fallin off but it fits so good! and looks great with my rose gold apple watch! i also bought the rose gold colored one but have been wearing the black one since i got it and havent changed it yet!
love this band. can adjust it at anytime and this loop has a strong magnet, no odor, and the color is nice. very classy.
decent quality. the buckle is glossy finish metal whereas the apple one is a matte finish. the lugs seem to be a dense plastic rather than aluminum like the apple woven nylon bands. overall decent quality and good color.
works just like expensive ones
looks exactly like the $200 one sold at the apple store. the magnet is strong and doesnt slip. the band is comfortable. overall i am very satisfied.
perfect
exceeded my expectations, it’s really comfortable and definitely pretty! it matches very nicely with the rose gold series 3 apple watch
i love this band. the only thing is if you were anything that’s fuzzy like a sweater it catches and the fuzzies stick to the band.
the product is pretty good. fits well. but it is not the same as the picture. i had already bought a metal band and was looking for a different replacement and it was the exact same as the old one. the picture shows a rounded and circular clasp but when it arrives it is a square clasp.
i love this band. i've had a magnetic band before and the magnet wasn't very strong so the band constantly slipped. this one stays in tact the whole time i'm wearing it. it's extremely comfortable as well.
very good band for apple watch 38mm. really like the colors & fit. good quality. it looks as good or better than the more expensive apple watch bands.
love it. perfect fit for my 38mm apple watch! exquisite color.
great band
fits perfectly and looks great with my new series 3 apple watch. made well and now i can “dress up” my watch when i don’t want a sporty look.
this is much useful than i thought!!!! this is amazing!!! also, the design of it was super simple and neat!!
love this band! color lasts unlike other magnetic bands where it fades quickly
great band! it’s very comfortable and the color matches perfectly.
these watch bands were perfect exactly what i wanted.
fits apple watch perfectly! it looks better with professional dress when compared to the silicone band.
nice
so far i love this band. i haven't worn it a lot, and i don;t wear it in the shower.
great band.  i get complements on it whenever i wear it.
very happy with this item! arrived super fast, was simple to put on and looks great. i hope the color doesn’t turn. great looking!
muy bien y bonito
very light weight and comfortable. looks just like the pictures. highly recommend this band.
love the quality and look of this watchband.
the product works great just, i am sure i personally like them. awesome product!!
i love this watch band. it's exactly like the apple brand bands but much less $. the watch band is exactly as described and was delivered "tout suite"!
totally love this band! the magnet is really strong and holds well! looks really nice on too!
bellisimos
i didn’t like that the color comes off and i’ve only had it for a few weeks
love it
comfortable and easy. dresses it up
great quality
nice. love it. will share with my fiends.
nothing amazing but for the price it’s perfect for what i wanted something simple and chic.
love the sleek look and fit
perfect
very cute and comfortable
definitely will buy again if i need another
outstanding especially for the price!!! very comfortable.
beautiful!
love it
best quality of all the bands i’ve purchased! shiny and slick
🤙🏻
i love this. i’ve been using the band that came with my watch and it was getting worn so i needed a replacement. wore it to the gym with no problems.
my mother loves the band! got it for her as a birthday gift.
i love the magnetic band and it looks very classy.
love it, just what i was looking for.
beautiful!
nice band. looks great and the magnetic closure is strong!
awesome!
great color and flexibility
the product looks great! it fits my apple watch very well!
fun ways to change the look!
looks great! seems durable. will update otherwise.
perfect product, simular like original apple
love it.. its perfect.
love it
awesome, easy, better than expect d
they fit perfectly and ate good color patterns for me.
comfortable and easy to use
looks nice on the watch
it stays securely on my wrist.
i really like it
great quality
it’s easy to use.  does not stain my wrist.
love it!!!!!
good quality
works great and has lasted well
excellent service and product
my wife loves it fit just right
perfect match
love!
fits nice and feels good on my wrist
look nice
comfy!
very nice watch band and matches the watch perfectly!  has a strong magnet so no worries about losing your watch!
great purchase. the blue one on the end was not as vibrant.
works good
very pleased with this purchase. looks great and is very comfortable. attaches to my watch very easily. will buy more colors!
looks great on!! it is durable and comfortable!
love this! got it for work and it works perfect!
this is the second time i ordered this band and i didn't get what is pictured. it doesn't have the ends that attach to the watch as pictured, the tab is on the magnetic end is different and the color is not gold. everybody thinks it's rose gold - i wanted gold. i returned the first one only to get the same band again. i will not order again and keeping only because i need a new band.
band is as described and delivered on time.
great. thanks!!!
great value and looks wonderful!
arrived pretty quickly. band looks great!
for the price you just can't beat this. i've never seen apple's nylon bands in person so i can't comment on their quality but the quality of this band is excellent for the price. at first it felt a little scratchy around the edges but that quickly went away. i'm sure the apple band is much softer, but it's also three times the price. so far it feels quite sturdy. if i had to find something to nitpick it would be the colors. i ordered caramel color and it's quite a bit lighter than the picture shows. i also wish i was able to choose the finish on the buckle to match my space gray watch.
cool patterns, giving my fitbit some style.
worked great!
i absolutely love the band and they were super fast on delivery!
loved it
great band
love this band.  it gives the apple watch a dressy look for days i am in the office.  the magnet does stick to things like necklaces and my badge so it can be slightly irritating.
this band is awesome! i bought this because i wanted a more elegant band than the standard silicone band the watch comes with. i was a bit skeptical about the magnetic band, but the magnet that holds the band in place is strong, and i don't have any issues with it loosening. my only warning is if you have a generous amount of hair on your arm, please beware that it may pinch some hair every now and then as you put it on.
i love this watchband! it truly changes the look of my watch!  i have received compliments on it. i have very small wrists and i  was able to figure out a way for the magnet to wrap around the band to remain snug. great buy!
i've been very happy with this band. it matches my rose gold watch and is very easy to slip on and off
i love this band. i have had it on my apple watch for a few month and it is very durable. my only complaint is that the end of the strap does get scratched easily. but overall, it was a great purchase for the price!
matched watch perfectly, just be sure to take the sticker off the magnet, it's like night and day the difference in how much more secure the clasp will be.
this band is so cute and comfortable.  i have already gotten so many compliments on it. great buy!
bought this for a family member who loves this band so much she rarely switches to another band.
i was a little hesitant when ordering due to the exonomical cost, but i love this band. it is super durable and comfortable. the magnetic clasp will try to catch on other magnetic sources and that isn’t an issue - just says how strong the magnetic piece is.
high quality the magnet works good and it’s comfortable
perfect-excellent value for the price!
this looks great with my rose gold apple watch. it is easy to use and very secure.
i really love everything about this product! so far so good! i made a youtube video review about this product! it came in the mail quick and there isnt one negative thing i have to say about this product! go watch my video on my channel cheyenne hope on youtube!!
looks great and made a great gift for my mom.
i like this better than my silicone straps. i’ve used it during workouts without any problems and it looks good on any outfit whether it be casual or dressy!
i’ve purchased many apple watch bands, but this one is by far my favorite! it fits perfectly and the rose gold matches perfect with my watch!
so cute my friend loves the color it matches her rose gold apple watch perfectly and she loves how easy it is to get on and off!
this is a great watch band...very good quality, comfortable, lightweight and feels secure on my wrist because of the strong magnet.  highly recommend!
i’m using the rose gold band daily to my work - office environment, and still looks like new, has not turned black. i love this style!
the color and usage of this replacement wrist strap for an 38mm has met my expectations thus far.
i like this band. i bought the rose gold and silver bands and i like them both, i think i’m going to buy the gold band as well.
i like the way it securely hugs my arm.
love the band and it’s very comfortable. great price!
fits my 38mm perfect. strong magnetic hold.
looks great with my rose gold apple watch! really cute and great price! :)
definitely worth it! it’s so nice and great quality! definitely buying another one!!
so far so good, fits great on the wrist
i love it
easy to change. color is not an exact match, but close enough.
very durable
really like it, the rose gold matches perfect with the watch, i've bought a different rose gold band, it didn't match well, this one does. the price is very reasonable.
i really like this magnetic iwatch band. it’s really comfortable and it doesn’t irritate my skin. i read another review before i bought it. it mentions there being two plastic covers over the magnet. if those aren’t removed the band won’t stick properly. just and fyi for everyone else.  i bought the rose gold color. for the most part it match the rose gold watch. when it is in the sun you can tell the watch is a little more gold and the band is a little more pink.
i love this watch band. i had been using the plastic band that came with my apple watch and it sucked. i bought on amazon a similar band to this one for my wife's fit bit. she loves her fit bit band and i had to agree that it looked so much nicer than the plastic band she had before and she said it was so comfortable. so i found this and ordered it and couldn't be happier. it looks way more expensive than it is and is so very comfortable. you can make it as tight or loose as you want. i keep it on at the gym and have no problems with it coming loose. can't go wrong.
so good for the price!! took a risk on this for the price (because often you get what you pay for) and was not going to buy the apple brand one ($49!!) and i’m so impressed. it adjusts well, the magnet is strong, band is comfortable, doesn’t smell like metal. just overall awesome :) only thing is that it can snag clothes because of the loops but not that big of a deal to me. took a star off because it happens quite often but would definitely purchase again and recommend
i had silicone bands with black and white colors, metallic bands with black and silver colors and decided to get a space gray.  the metallic band does not have a sticky feeling when you are sweating.  it's also much easier to clean.  the color space gray has a perfect blend of metallic feeling and the color.
i love this band! it is comfortable to wear, sturdy, and cute! i was worried that the magnet wouldn't be strong enough to feel secure, but it is actually very strong! if this thing cost $30 it would still be worth it.
i purchased this watch band for my apple watch because the original band that came with it feels as though it "smothers" the skin beneath. this band is easy to attach to the watch and easy to put on with one hand. the rose gold band matches my rose gold watch perfectly.  i have only worn it a couple of days now but i am extremely happy with the purchase so far.
i love this watch band.  it’s very easy to put on and take off.  it’s sleek and thin. it took me by surprise when it attached itself to my car exterior at one point (i had forgotten about the magnetic properties on the band), but it won’t fall off easily.  i don’t think i’ll ever get a different kind. i will most certainly get different colors because the price is right.
great price, good quality. perfect color. i always had a hard time finding a band the same gold as the watch and this one matches perfectly!
great for the first month or so... but the magnet came out a week into wearing it and when i placed it back on it stayed, but wouldn't fit when i tried putting the rubber piece that goes with it. it was still functional though. it also starts losing the pink color and grey becomes more apparent as you wear it more and the magnet starts rubbing against the band. the most bothering thing is that the end of the strap turns grey as the pink color rubs off quickly if your wrist touches anything.
i really like this apple watch band. i waited a while to finally purchase a new band and this is perfect. i have the series 3 in gold (pink sand) and the color is pretty close, just barely different. it's very comfortable on, and easy to adjust. buy!
i unfortunately chose the wrong size (38mm) for a 44mm watch, but it still works and it doesn't really matter. it sure beats paying $149 for the apple one, and looks just as good. time will tell how well it holds up, but at this price if it starts to get s buffed you could buy almost ten more.  the magnet is sometimes frustrating to deal with, but i think that's the band and not the brand — apple's would have the same fumbling issues as it sticks to itself.
love it!  this looks great with my 38mm series 3 apple watch!  i like that it has an easily adjustable magnetic strap.  it is slim and not bulky to wear.  this is the band that i choose to wear every day now.  i only go back to my silicone bands if i am working out.
i really like the band. matches my watch perfectly. the only problem is that i’m noticing that the color is already coming off. i’m always very careful to take it off before my shower or in the pool. just wish it was a little more durable.
i bought this for my wife's apple watch as she had been eying buying one from the apple store.  this band was all that she wanted and expected from it and looks great with her watch and on her.  for her the only real drawback is that even though i bought the smallest band, if it was 1/2 inch longer it would have been returned as it is maxed out on her wrist.  being a mesh type band there are no links to remove.
i’ve only had it a few days but i love it. the color is perfect match to my watch case. it’s comfortable and easy to get on and off. i think it’s classy looking and goes with everything.
i got one of these from groupon previously.  this one is much better quality.  it is more lightweight, without feeling cheap.  i had the last one for over a year, just got this one, we'll see how it lasts.
this is great match for my apple watch. it is light and beautiful. it is comfortable to wear even when i work out. i believe that it more than worth its price range. i highly recommend it.
the band is a lighter weight than others i've had. however, looks and fits on my apple 4. i have tiny wrist and it wrapped as tight as it will go in order to fit me. might consider ordering more.
this product is very durable and comfortable to wear. the magnet is very strong, it sticks very nicely and stays put. it's also very light weighted. very good quality.
love this apple watch band! looks great and is surprisingly more comfortable than i expected. i think i even prefer it to the silicone band that comes with the watch.
i chose gold color because it matches to my gold apple watch. i love it so much. the watch band is easy to stick together and looks very fasion.
way cooler than i thought. rose gold matches the watch perfectly. my arm attaches to metal objects all the time and i attests to the strength of the magnet. others described the edges of the band getting snagged on clothes and it’s happened a couple times but i also blame the shirt.
got it in the mail yesterday and i love it! matches the rose gold on my watch perfectly and fits great. so much cheaper than you can buy in the store.
i love the rose gold band and i love the price!  i however do wish that they made one a little shorter for my very thin wrist.
i have so many bands for my watch, but this one has to be my favorite. it’s a great quality band, love how easy it is to adjust.
love this watch band!  is is very comfortable on the skin and stays secure.  it isn't an exact match for the rose gold iwatch but close enough.
i love this band, it is so lightweight i have to double check that i have my watch on.  the magnet is really strong.  i am so pleased with this band i have recommended it to 2 people and they have ordered them.
strong magnet, looks great and functions well but sticks to anything magnetic.
a nice change from the sport band.  works better for dressing up. love it!
wonderful band! i can’t tell the difference between this and the expensive version sold in stores.
looks much nicer/more professional than the band that came with apple watch
fits perfect and looks amazing.  great price .  i even purchased as a gift
really like this. pretty color that compliments my apple watch, goes on and off easily.
love it perfect fit and just like the picture :)
i like how the band does not pull on the little hairs of your wrists, that it breathes well so it's not sweaty (the sports band contains the sweat throughout the day) and that the magnet holds really well. the color matches the rose cold on the face of the watch perfectly! i am really happy with it.
love this! easy to change from previous band. easy to remove from wrist and to put back on.
the magnet sticks to any metal you come in contact with. such as metal patio furniture. otherwise, it is my favourite watch strap so far.  i wear this one to work everyday.
love the magnetic clasp and how easily it slides.  only negative is the magnet attracts metal on necklaces, belts, etc but it does not make the wrist band loosen up or fall off.
works great.  looks good.  strong magnet.
high quality watchband --especially for the price.  was very pleasantly surprised.  magnetic closure works great and the inserts to attach to the watch work perfect!
very nice for the money. so far has been holding up well
nice band, my wife loves it. the magnet part is easy to adjust.
i really like this band! it is super lightweight and comfortable. the only thing i didn’t like was that it pinches your arm hair a little bit- not sure if that’s just me though. super cute and durable!!
looks great with gold watch
love the band and this was the cheapest price i saw.  got it quickly and it looks great on my wrist. would definitely recommend.
love this i watch strap. it is so easy to put on and take off, plus it looks great for work and as a casual band.
i like it but interested to see how it holds up after some wear, water etc.
this is a great watch band!  easy to attach to watch.  i have a very small wrist so the adjustable magnetic band is great  especially for me.
very nice product. good price.
very good quality, fits perfectly.
nice
loved it
love this strap. exactly as expected. easy to change and magnetic is great. lets hope it lasts long.
light on wrist. no sweat on hot days
love this - do get the face to match!
looks great. matches apple watch color and the strong magnet stays in place
loving the new watch band. it’s comfortable and has a nice color. very easy to install and fit was perfect. the magnet closure is really is a secure fastener. it wears very well and maintains the tightness you secure it too even while at the gym.
totally cute! it looks exactly as the picture very happy with the product
great item
love it!  gave my iwatch a whole new look at a great price.  color matches very well to the watch face trim.  highly recommend this product.
perfect
matches rose gold apple watch perfect and it’s very good quality. magnet is strong. love it.
good product  girlfriend loves it.
really easy to use - locks well and has a strong magnet. it's a pale gold, not a bright orangey one -if that's what you are looking for.
much more comfortable than the band that comes with the watch.
finally a band that fits my small wrists and is every bit as good as an apple version.  bought this for my apple watch 2 and it fits my apple watch 3 too.
i wanted to change up the basic white/black/pink bands for the holidays coming up.  this is perfect...looks classy and is very durable. i wear it all day - to work and when i work out (zumba, body pump).  it is very secure (something i worried about when i work out).
i'm not sure what took me so long to try a "dressier" band for my apple watch.  this is an inexpensive way to add more versatility to a useful accessory.
excellent band! love it. perfect replacement for my old broken one.
my skin feels irritated to the original apple watch band, so i purchased this one. i’ve been using it for about a week, and it works pretty well.
love this band!
nice product. the band is firm but flexible enough, it can be adjusted very quickly to my wrist.
it slips off from time to time, gets caught in long sleeve tshirts cuffs
i received my band today and i absolutely love it! it looks great with my iwatch and it’s fits comfortably. i am considering buying it in different colors!
awesome
a high quality band that makes any apple watch look amazing
great buy. just as expected.
this product is great. it looks and feels much more expensive
fits my apple watch a treat so happy with purchase.very comfortable to wear ,smooth and looks more expensive than it was great price love it.
great quality, very professional
i love the color and ease of putting it on. i have very thin wrists so strap has to almost wrap completely around to secure but i have that problem with a lot of bands.
love it. it is a very solid made stainless steel watch band.
this is as nice as my husband’s $100+ version from apple. very happy.
beyond my expect,that's decent lightweight,bravo,worth it
cute!
the black band looks great with the apple pink gold face. i am going to order one for myself.
love this strap. i bought the larger size and didn’t need it, but i still love it and wear it everyday.
perfect fit for apple watch. easy to connect. i really like the magnetic design. nice color for girls.
she really liked it, fit well too!
the band feels very cool on the arm ,love this band,its very weightlight.
very comfortable and made my apple watch look brand new!
it’s beautiful my only problem with this is that the magnet keeps sliding off and doesn’t stay in place not sure if this is normal or not
awesome value for money.
perfecto
very nice band! magnetic & stays on wrist safely. got the rose gold.
i bought it for my husband new apple watch. he is geology it! looks very nice. good gift!
love it!!
love my new apple watch band.  shipping came very fast.  great product!
good band. much cheaper than apple.
color is good.  only issue is the magnetic end can slip out from the watch anchor point if not careful - it's not a big deal, you can slip it right back in, but you have to be careful when removing the watch because it might not catch itself.
i wanted to get my fiancé a new band for her apple watch, and wanted to go with something that can be dressed up or down easily.  the milanese loop is perfect for that.  she wears it everyday and it holds up well.  i would consider getting one for myself from this manufacturer, as the quality is on par.
this is such great quality! the magnet closure is very strong. it definitely seems like it would fit any size wrist from the tiny (like myself) to the large.i'm so glad i got this for a fraction of the price of the ones in stores!
great! i couldn’t get a good picture but the rose gold matches the watch perfectly. feels like it’s nice quality and it’s comfortable in my wrist. i got it on a lightning deal for $9 so you really can’t beat it!
i have been wearing this watch band for a couple months now and really enjoy it.  it goes perfectly with my rose-colored watch.
very cute and secure. i do find that the magnet slides the tiniest bit, but not enough to cause any loss of my apple watch or even enough to bug me.
this is so comfortable! the magnet makes the band very flexible to adjust to just the right size for your wrist, and the magnet is very strong so it keeps the desired size in place very well. it also keeps my wrist from getting sweaty and sticky. highly recommended!
great product. my apple watch now fits perfectly around my wrist as tight/loose as i want it. magnet works great. doesn’t slide.
fit my watch just as i expected, good build quality and nice price! like it
happy with this purchase, color, style and quality spot on!
great product, the metal does show signs of wear after a couple months, so this is my second one. great color
love how nicely this dresses up the look of my watch. i’ve been wearing for a month with no sign of discoloration. very comfortable and easy to adjust strap.
bought for my mom, she really liked it. works great, looks premium.
easy to install and remove.
love this!
great fit, but color is a little different compared to other “rose golds.”
this is an excellent strap and though the magnet gets stuck to just about everything easily, it still gives off the sleek and polished look of a milanese loop on any apple watch. would purchase again for sure!
i was happy to get my watch band well with the price.
very comfortable
my daughter loves it ‼️
awesome band just like the apple brand.
fits great and the color goes with everything!
beautiful and high quality
i was surprised with how strong the magnet on this band truly is! i read other reviews before purchasing that said there is a film covering a magnet and once that is removed it is 10x stronger. the rose gold is very stylish and lets my wrist breath when working out. i do notice i tend to adjust the band but i am not worried about it falling off. i took one star off due too the stratches that are already starting to show from wear (shown in the photo) other then that this is a great band for the price
i absolutely love this!!
matches perfect. very nice. looks like i have a brand new watch
easy to adjust, and make comfortable on your wrist at anytime you feel like adjusting slightly.
nice looking band. easily connects to watch and feels secure. good quality aftermarket choice!
wife loves it.
very comfortable on your wrist. it is a very durable product.
good purchase
this band is comfortable and easy to adjust to my wrist.  i’m loving it!
this is great for the price! matches my apple watch
the color wears off eventually, but it’s so inexpensive who cares. i love it, i buy these all the time
i got this band about 2 months ago. the color is great - it matches perfectly with the rose gold watch. it looks great, i couldn't tell the difference between mine and the one sold at the apple stores (my boyfriend has that one in silver and it really doesn't look any different). however, i'm noticing the rose gold paint start to slowly wear off under the magnetized portion. it really doesn't bother me yet since that part's covered by the magnet. still would buy again and use it every day.
i have a love/hate relationship with this band.
perfect
i got the black color to go with my black apple watch series 2.  ever since i got the band, i actually started wearing my watch! it looks less sporty and more appropriate for day to day wear (i work in an office).
this is my third time buying this band because i love it so much. overtime it loses its color, but that’s after me wearing it every single day and working out  4 times a week and sweating with it on. i tried to use other bands plastic bands, but they stink. this one has great air flow so no stinky sweaty wrist.
this band can elevate your sporty look to a classier one! great price and alternative to the link watch bands
this perfectly matches the rose gold apple watch. its easy to attach and detach. i’ve had it for about a month and i still love it! what i like best is that it isn’t bulky like the other bands that come with the watch. it can also be dressed up or down. great buy and fast shipping!
so far it’s been great. no issues and it’s stylish
matched great with the rose gold watch. she attached the band immediately and hasn't changed it since. happy with the looks.
great inexpensive watch band. metal seems to be quality and magnet is strong.
cute band and i love the magnetic feature
this band is better than the band that came with my apple watch!  i’d gladly purchase more just to change up my options!
this band looks exactly like the apple version and seems to function exactly the same. i love that it is so easy to adjust, and the magnet is strong, i don't worry about it coming loose. i highly recommend this watchband for it's reasonable price, great looks and function!
i like the comfort and ease of use of his band, however i ordered the wrong color and when i tried to send back for exchange the shipping was going to cost as much as the band itself did.  i ended up just keeping it, it was after all my fault.  i should be more careful when ordering
easy to install and use
looks perfect with my series 4 apple watch
this is exactly the same as the ones selling for $60+, wife loves it.
very nice iwatch strap. it feel comfortable and easy to wearable. high quality and look awesome. i’m very satisfied with this product.
the band fits perfectly and is very secure.  the magnet that holds the band in place is strong.  the rose gold color is a perfect match.
buena calidad
these look so professional and gives classic look and adds up to your watch value..nice build up and strong maegnetic power
for the price, a great deal. i bought it a month ago, no complaints.
i have 5 different watch bands and this one is my favorite! no hair catching like my scilicone ones. looks great with any outfit
bueno
this was actually a great buy. fits great. a little tricky at first to install. i definitely got lots of comments on the new band. it’s also fun to play with the magnetic end.
omg the color of gold matches my gold apple watch so perfectly. i’m obsessed. honestly, i don’t even care if the color wears off eventually because at $11, i’ll buy it over and over again. hoping to get 4-6 months out of the color but we will see. i will update with more wear. i was just so excited about the color that i had to post.
i love this band! i get so many compliments when ever i wear it. it looks great and color has not faded. two things prevent it from being 5 stars. it snags a little bit on clothing, i have gotten stuck a few times. also the color is just slightly off if you have the rose gold apple watch.( can’t tell unless you look really close)
good quality and goes good with my rose gold apple watch i love it!!
the original apple watch band was fine but it wasn’t breathable and i work out a lot so it was always holding moisture. it was always either too tight or too loose for me. eventually it gave me a rash i could not get rid of.
finish is wearing after a month or so, but the integrity of the build is still holding strong.
worked great!
beautiful color and very good quality. the magnet is very strong as well so it does not move at all while wearing. i was worried at first but for the price i thought i would give it a try, very happy i did. i opened the fridge and got attached to the handle because it is magnetic, that’s how strong it was. 100 would recommend.
this is the second band i’ve bought. i like the magnet band you have more control of tightness and looseness
nice, it's my everyday band. have it on since i got it
nice quality item for my watch
i like it!
this band is the bomb. it looks so good and match my rose gold iwatch perfectly. it makes the watch look worth the price. not a cheap nylon woven band. definitely recommend!
very good quality, highly recommended
watch band exceeded expectation. much less bulky than original band.
love it. use it daily.
fits perfectly into watch, magnet is strong and does not come loose, color matches picture shown (i got the champagne)
this is a very goo product. would definitely order another one.
great band
getting this watch band is the best decision i’ve made! i have a rose gold apple watch and i was just using the pink silicone band it came with - i liked their stainless steel bands but they didn’t make any that matched my watch color. thank goodness - because apple watch bands are so expensive and i got this rose gold band for under $10! it’s beautiful and functional. no need to worry about it slipping off - it attaches to the watch securely and the magnet band closure is super strong. it’s way more comfortable than the silicone band i had because it isn’t a rigid shape and it’s easier to adjust to just the right fit for my wrist. and it’s so pretty! it is a little more pink than gold compared to the watch itself, but i love it - it’s such a beautiful shade, very classy.
it’s very nice it came when it said it would and it’s was the correct size.
it is magnetic so i am having a hard time adjusting to it sticking to random things. when it does stick it has scratched the connecting part a little so i rated the durability at 3/5. overall not bad for the price!
i love this band, bought it for my iwatch, it’s very comfortable and lightweight.
love the band. love the color.
look nice
is very good
it looks cute. my girlfriend love it. it's really comfortable to wear and the color is very nice.
i was looking for a band to match my series 3 gold/ pink sand watch. the champagne gold is an exact match!
the champagne gold is a perfect match for the gold series 4 watch. i waffled back and forth between buying that band and the rose gold one. this band is really nice. it fits into the watch very well and does not wiggle around at all. the magnet is strong and even if it were to pop away from the band, the watch band cannot come undone. the “buckle” is too big to fit through the loop so i can’t see any situation where the watch would fall off of your wrist. the only reason i gave it four stars was because the metal on the buckle is already scratched up after a week of use. when i rebuy this band, i will probably put a thin coat of clear nail polish or something on that piece to protect it.
it’s good for the price point. my biggest issue is that the side of the strap keeps getting caught in the sleeves of my tops. sometimes it catches on threads and you can ruin your tops.
good quality and fits nicely.
perfect match to my apple watch and affordable
super easy to install and use with the watch
i have a bit of an obsession with buying bands for my apple watch...and this is by far my favorite one!! it’s super comfortable, super easy to use, looks really nice, and is totally a fabulous price! i have the rose gold and just ordered the silver...and will be ordering the others also. you will not be disappointed in these bands!!
overall i am pleased with this watch band for my apple watch. it was a great price compared to buying the apple version. the only thing i don’t like is that the magnetic piece that holds it in place can move fairly easy, which loosens your watch band.
great product
this product is a steal
i have ordered two of these mesh bands and will surely order more. they are a great price and they keep my apple watch looking stylish. i prefer these to the athletic band the watch came with. i also love being able to switch up the look of my watch to match what i’m wearing.
i love this band it’s beautiful and very stylish.
better than i expected
i’ve looked at this band and considered it numerous times. i didn’t realize how it could dress up my watch so much until i saw one of these bands on my daughter’s watch. it is the most comfortable band i’ve ever worn with my apple watch. it is easy to put on and take off, infinite selections of your desired fit.
very easy to use
love it!!! magnet is strong and takes your outfit up a notch
this band is super light with a strong magnet.  great quality and affordable
if you want the best color match for a series 4 gold watch, go with the champagne gold!
i love how this looks. it is a little more feminine than neutral and i personally won't be wearing this. nevertheless, it looks pretty similar to the variant apple sells for a lot more. thumbs up from me!
i like it
i would have given this band a 5 had it not been for the fact that the band is pink, not rose gold.  i placed my order only after asking the question whether this color matched the apple watch series 4 rose gold case.  i received two answers stating it is an exact match.  sadly it is not.  this band is pink.  there is nothing gold about it.  other than that, it appears to be a very nicely made band.  i would note that the end piece is rectangular in shape and not rounded off as pictured.
just just received my watchband  in mail. fit was perfect and match well. assembling  band to watch was easy as 1,2,3. delivery time was earlier than expected. i am very please with my order.
good item!
i love the magnetic design. there is no need to find the "closest " holes on other band. it is totally customized length. and the color is very beautiful, the quality is just like what i have seen from apple store .
excellent choice if you want to dress up your apple watch. the band it comes with is sporty. this new band makes it pop and goes great with casual and church clothes
great product for my apple watch.
i have skinny wrists and this works out perfectly for me. the weight of it on my arm is just right and it feels better on my arm than the sport band the watch came with. i was looking for a band that better fit my style and this it exactly what i wanted. it appears to be well made for the low price point and feels sturdy. it was easy to put on the watch as well.
its amazing for the price point.good magnet- i'm never afraid its going to come undone! i have a gold apple watch series 4, and i purchased the rose gold band- compliments it well! big fan!
it’s okay to use but it’s lighter than apple product
i love this band. i haven't gone back to the original sport band for my iwatch. this band is more feminine and is so easy to put on.
i wanted a new wrist band for my iwatch and i saw some co workers with this wrist band and i love it.  it’s really easy to put on and it doesn’t move around like my other wrist bands.  i would definitely recommend this.  and it gives it a bit more style
great less expensive alternative to the i watch bands! looks great, just be prepared to stick to your fridge, microwave, desk, zippers, really anything metal:)
this is my favorite watch band out of every watch band i’ve ever used. sometimes i magnetize to things, just at the wrist, but even that i don’t mind. it looks good with everything, to the point that i wear it at weddings. it’s versatile and goes with everything i wear which is one of the reasons i love it. i can adjust it at any point, which is awesome.
pretty, a little more pink hue than the watch. does get loose over time bc it is magnetic so be aware of it.
exact color match to apple watch, perfect!!!
it’s very nice
very good quality band, seems very sturdy and magnet is pretty strong.
this is finally a match for my new iwatch 4 gold watch! i ordered quite a few and this one is the only one that matches
this has been my go to band. so sleek. rose gold color is beautiful and looks great on. i like that it attaches magnetically.
it looks absolutely gorgeous with my gold 38mm iwatch. it is easy to install and easy to takeoff and put on. it is also of a rather good quality as i have been pretty rough with the things i wear but it doesn’t get scratched easily and the magnet is pretty strong.
perfect for smaller wrist. the oem sport bands were either too tight or too loose. the adjustable magnetic band allows for a perfect comfortable fit.
this band is soo much more comfortable than the bands that came with my apple watch 3 series. it makes the watch look more dressy too, which i like since it wear it to work. very easy to adjust to fit your wrist. the color is a tad more pink compared to my wash, but you can only tell in certain lighting. overall i love it and would recommend.
the band will not come apart so even if it were to slip it wouldn’t come off your arm like my two part band did. my watch was destroyed and had to be replaced. thank goodness for apple care!!
love it so light weight and comfortable
the pink rose gold matched my apple watch so well! love it and i would highly recommended it.
love
looks great!!!
i like is really strong and dislike that stick on metal places
i love it, i wear it everyday!
looks nice, feels good!
i love that this band dresses up my watch. it’s good quality material, perfect color and stays put with the magnetic closure.
i love!!!
great product
very similar in design to the milanese loop offered on apple store but at a fraction of the price. good quality and fits well to the new apple series 4.
love it
so much easier to put on my wrist compared to the band that came with my apple 4 watch. super value. love the color.
band is great and i love the color. have had it on for a while no with no complaints!
i wanted a new watch band that looked fancy and this does it!! the magnet is very strong and it looks expensive!! the mesh is metallic and flexible. although the rose gold is not quite the exact color match, it is still good enough for me. it is only noticeable up close. i love it so much, i also bought it as a gift for a friend!
it was a gift for my daughter and she loved it.  color is close enough to rose apple watch.
😍😍
this is great i thought for as cheap as it was it wasn’t going to work! the magnet is super strong don’t listen to the people who say it’s not because that thing is super strong! i had it and just realized yesterday 1 extra piece of the plastic and i thought it was strong then, but now it’s even stronger! this is definitely worth the money!
easy to put on.
this matches with my watch perfectly! good magnet latch and very good quality overall! good for a casual but stylish look.
makes my watch look like new
the band itself is fine but it’s a little too pink in color. rose gold isn’t always this pink. i’m disappointed in the color.
this magnetic band is very convenient and fits all sizes wrist.  it’s very easy to slip on and takes off; you don’t have to worry your watch moves.  since it’s silver, it matches whatever outfit i’m wearing for the day; i love it.
muy lindo
the gold tone did not match my watch.
nice
love it
overall a pretty good band, at least over the few minutes i’ve had it on my watch (series 1). the only complaint i have is that it’s not a very big band so it’s difficult to get on. i’ve got hands that i didn’t think were huge but definitely not small (ie trump hands) and it’s not the easiest to get my hand through. other than that, it seems to hold well and from what i can see, latches to the watch well.
great band that’s compatible with my 38” love the pink color. it was easy to slide on and gives my watch a pop of color!
easy to use
just as pictures
fit
love it
well made it’s the best
honestly i was very impressed with this watch band, it’s almost the exact color or my watch (rose gold) and its superrrr easy to install. i’ve been wearing it for a few days now and so far no scratches, it’s pretty nice for the price i paid for totally recommend.
i bought this watch band for my husband and he loves it. it is very comfortable and the fact that it’s magnetic keeps it in place, making it easier for him to wear to work.
this watch band is great and is of nice quality. i gifted it along a apple watch series 4 and it fits just well. i would recommend this.
i love everything about this sleek, rose color band. the magnetic closure is super easy to adjust making the band very comfortable. great price too!
great, highly recommend!
magnet is strong an have no issues with it, size is even suitable for a very small wrist, would recommend
this band is perfect. fits the watch and has a strong magnet.
product looks and fits perfectly, but pulls on the thread of your clothes, like sweaters... prefer to wear only with short sleeves.
fits perfect around my wrist !
this band is super cute.  i get compliments on it all the time.
love this band. it looks expensive and gives my watch a super classy but practical look.
good for the price. decent quality !
i bought this steel band for my apple watch and it fit well with my watch. one thing good about this band is that it doesn’t have holes on it and you can adjust it to whatever makes you feel most comfortable, it will never be too tight or loose. the magnet bukcle actually sticks to the steel band really well and you don’t need to worry about it falls apart. i often switch the band of my apple watch base on my dressing style for the day. this band looks food with my business causal and i feel comfortable wearing it.
it stays put pretty well, i just wish the magnet was a little bit stronger because it does slide around every so often
stylish. what i was looking for
it’s nice. well made. durable. but if you have the slightest amount of hair on you at all this will rip it out. lol
love it
comfortable!
band is good, looks exactly like the real apple band, slightly thinner and lighter but fits nicely and comfortable.  good buy for the price. my only complaint is the color.  the band i received is definitely not cobalt blue which is a vivid bright medium blue.  what i got is a very dark navy blue, almost black, nothing at all like the color shown in the main picture.  when i tried to return it, it was not returnable.  so i sent an email and an amazon customer service rep replied on the same day, telling me to keep the item and offering a full refund or exchange with expedited
i purchased the 42mm lavender band as the picture looks just like my 38mm lavender apple band. it’s so not. it’s grey - like like concrete grey - like blends with heather grey shirt i’m wearing. ‘know wasn’t expensive but very much not as advertised & no returns which leaves me now with 2 grey bands & still wanting lavender. bummer. that which appears too good or inexpensive to be true in this case is.
matches color as shown (stone). really nice. very happy with purchase
this is a very well-constructed band and it looks great on my watch. and you can't beat the price! my only complaint - and a mild one - is that it could be a bit longer. i have a big wrist and i have to use the very last clasp hole. that leaves very little band to tuck through the retaining hole (or whatever it's called), so i'm a bit concerned that if i snag something with the band, it might pull out of that hole, causing the watch to fall off my wrist. an extra half inch of band length would - i think - greatly reduce the chances of that happening. alternatively, perhaps the manufacturer could add a third - longer - size to its its models.
love the purple color. secures on your wrist like the genuine apple band (other bands closures are slightly different-- which makes a huge difference, in my opinion). this band is noticeably thinner than the genuine apple band but serves the same purpose. i'll probably buy more colors from this seller!
hot pink color was more neon pink than i expected but i love the color. it seems well made and just like the original gray band except slightly more flexible. it fits perfectly! i came back on the next day and ordered 4 more colors.  one of the best purchases i’ve ever made on amazon. i hope it holds up and lasts.
i wasn't  sure how i would like this color since you really can't tell by looking from the website.  i put it on the watch and i have to say i really like it a lot.  i wasn't sure about the size either being that i have a small wrist for a guy, but i feel good about the m/s size.  to make a long story short this band is well worth the money, and i plan on getting every color that goes with my space grey 42mm apple watch.  thanks.
apple watch band is just like how you’d get from the apple website but soooo much cheaper! highly recommend if your looking for good quality but on the cheap side. also really comfortable to wear. recommend for anyone. company was also really helpful and reached out to me during their own time to ask how i liked the product and if i received it or not. definitely will be buying from this company again.
i upgraded my 1st generation apple watch to the series 4 model. my old watch was a 38mm and the new one is a 44mm, so my old apple branded lime green sport band was not compatible due to the size difference. apple no longer makes these green bands and i'm definitely not paying $50 for another one, so i ordered this one for a fraction of the price since it looked similar. when i received it, i noticed that it's almost identical to the apple branded one i had before. the color is identical, the material is identical and even the smell of it was identical. the only difference is that it has a couple extra holes in it when snapping it on to your wrist, which is always welcome. this proves that apple's brand of sport bands are rip-offs. highly recommended!
i’ve only had it on for about an hour, but so far it’s been what i expected. the band is a bit difficult to close tightly, but the design is based on the original watch manufacturers design, so i can’t complain to much. it was cheap, but i hope it lasts a while.
i ordered 4 bands, in assorted colors, and could not be happier with the purchase.  these bands are just like the brand name bands, but feel lighter when wearing.  the colors are exactly as displayed on the screen for ordering, and the price is great.  shipping, while a bit slower than other prime items (it lists this to be true on the when selecting the item), was still quick.  so far, the bands have held up well.  i always try both the top and bottom bands on my watch to ensure a secure fit, and have yet to have a problem.
perfect band for apple watch.
i love my 42mm watch bands, this is my first time purchasing from iyou and the bands are of excellent quality. the quality looks the same from the apple store except for the price. i absolutely appreciate the colors offered by iyou, iyou have a large variety of colors to choose from. i'm very pleased with my bands.
i have bought many bands for my watch, a variety of silicone, metals, leather, canvas.  i decided to get more of fave colors in silicone since they're so cheap.  these look great and fit perfectly.  bought several.  was planning to buy a pack but wanted colors that didn't come together in the pack combos.
i just got this, so i can't comment yet on performance. but.. i love this color! it's a perfect neutral that will go nicely with lots. very comfortable.
for the most part, i’m happy with the band, however i noticed that after about a week of putting the watch on a couple of times a day, the hole that i had been sticking the metal piece through must’ve lost some of its elasticity, because i have to hold my finger over it when putting the watch on, so it doesn’t become undone. it’s still a great product for its price point though and i would recommend!
if you are looking for a replacement band for your iwatch or just a different color...these bands are amazing. they are just like the original band and fit perfect. the silicone is nice and soft against your skin and wears just as good as the ones from apple. i will be buying more in the future.
great quality , this company really stand for their product ! awesome customer service, thanks .
these are great!! quality very similar to original bands from apple’s band.
my first review consisted of watch band damage. obviously, for the price you cannot expect superior quality, but nonetheless i was not satisfied. i am amending my review, however due to the notable customer service of the vendor. they reached out to me offering to replace the band, and i appreciated that. customer service goes a long way for retention. i will buy again.
best knock-off band yet! this is identical to my apple brand bands. the hardwear, thickness, texture, etc. is the exact same! i bought the “stone” color and i love the neutral tone. it’s nice when i want a slightly warmer look than my light gray apple band. great product! will be purchasing this in more colors.
i liked the price and the band looks just like it does on the website. the color black goes with everything! i mostly like the fact that it fits! (my wrist is small and most watch bands are loose, this one stays on and feels comfortable.
the price was great compared to purchasing from apple. does exactly what i wanted it to do for the price. not bad if your looking to save some money while still having the watch look like when you first purchased it.
this was a great band at a great price. was compatible and seems to be the exact same size as the original apple watch band. will report back if there are any problems or if it doesn't hold up as well.
i purchased the stone colored band before my new apple series 4 watch even arrived.  the 38mm band fits my 40mm perfectly!  the are comfortable, versatile and cute.  so i bought a second one in midnight navy.
love this band. i bought one to make sure i had the right size and l liked the feel of the band. after i got one, i went on and ordered 4 more colors. they are very comfortable and for a fantastic price. can't beat it!
just what i wanted! fit is perfect! just like the one that came on my iwatch! easy to change too!
i purchased the fog grey colour and am very happy with the colour and the feel of the band. the band did arrive with some extremely minor rough edges that most people won’t notice unless you’re like myself and constantly inspect your watch and band for defects. this can be easily solved with 3mins of sanding with some very fine sandpaper to get a perfectly smooth edge. i would definitely recommend this band to anyone looking for a high quality alternative to apple’s sport band at an extremely affordable price.
nice band for a great price. delivered quickly. i will buy more colors from this seller. easy to change out from the previous band & the color matches the online picture. fit is good.
these bands look and feel like the real deal at a fraction of the price.
this blue is super dark, almost black when you look at the band alone, but when you put it on the watch because of the black screen  you can tell its navy. it looks amazing with my rose 42mm watch face.
the band has a similar feeling and finish as the apple one and looks practically identical.  it does what it is supposed to, which is hold the watch securely to my wrist throughout the day and through workouts while being comfortable.  the only knock i would give this is that the silicone material tends to pick up lint sometimes.  i haven't noticed that issue on the apple band, but i have on their silicone cases.  its a nitpick but just something to point out.
i had several different colored bands for my apple watch, but wanted one that was more neutral.  this one fits that requirement perfectly.  it is soft and looks great on.
this band is true to size, a great vibrant color and feels and looks exactly like it’s apple store counterpart.
i just received this band and it fit the 38mm nicely. the yellow is exactly as pictured and so far it seems secure. i am impressed with the price!
a really great watch band for the money & the color was perfect. it is a little more stiff than my two apple watch bands but have loosened up over time.
for the price, i would give this a 6 star rating if i could.  the texture and color are great on the cocoa colored bands. to me, it feels just a little better than the bands that come with the apple watch. not exactly sure what the different is. the m/l size is the same as the apple bands.
great price. feels comfortable and came very quickly
fits well, it feels like and look like the original band  you can buy at apple store but for less money. happy with the purchase!! i don't think anyone can tell the difference just by looking if the band was the original band it came with or a replacement band!! i recommend this item.
i ordered this band to go with summer color clothes and i really like it.  it fits well and feels very comfortable on.  easy to install.  i would definitely recommend this band.
received the iyou sport band for my apple watch yesterday and it was installed in literally seconds.  very comfortable and a nice look.  thank you.
soft band and great color. ordered the rose red as well so i could create a band with two team colors. the rose red has a slight pink tone instead of the deep red it appears to be online but it’s not a deal breaker for me.
great thanks nice band
looks just like the apple brand at a fraction of the cost.  it looks fine with my rose gold iwatch since the only bit of silver showing is the one little dot holding the band.  would definitely recommend.
i like switching my watchbands frequently. i am a bit picky about comfort and quality. i am pleased with this one and will be buying more !!
i bought several of these bands in a few colors for my apple watch. i was able to pick the size (m/l) love them previous bands were too small.
looks just like the apple branded bands but with a  great price, and great colors. only con is the material definitely feels different from apple’s—but not significantly so. a really great buy!
color is perfect! finally, a watch band in wine that is truly a wine color! love it! will be so cute with a fall wardrobe.
love the color!  but the size was too big, the package said s/m but fits like a m/l. heard from them via email, and they are sending me the correct size!  would definitely buy from them again!
i ordered the s/m but the band is still very long on me and sticks off when i wear it. other then that good quality and as described.
nice apple watch band. color is exactly as shown and it fits nicely.
i have ordered several colored watch bands for my iphone watch and am enjoying changing it daily to match my outfit. they are priced easy on the wallet. i have been very pleased with all of them!
don't spend your money ones from the actual apple store. these are a perfect match and cheap enough to buy lots of colors.
for the price, this was a good buy. the quality is pretty much identical to the original band that apple sells for $50! the only down side is, the lavender color i purchased was more like a grayish/stone color and not quite like what is pictured. however, the band is very soft and comfortable to wear and stays secure during my workouts. i plan to buy in more colors!
this item shipped quickly. good color and fit. the band is super soft. great deal for the price.
love it! a little thinner than my apple band and that appeals to me as it’s softer. good quality.
bought these for my wife and she loves them. no complaints here. might try other colors later on.
barbie pink is spot on. good quality. not as smooth/soft as the silicone apple band, but still good quality.
perfect watch band for my apple watch. the price was great too, fast shipping, really like this band
did not thought it would be this beautiful
i'm a member of an alzheimer's walk team. the colors are purple and white. this color band was perfect and easy to change out.
wanted a variety of watch band colors to coordinate with my clothing. these bands fit the bill.
love the color, just the right shade of beige.  received promptly & packaged well.
glad i purchased! looks and feels just like the $50 apple sport band. do yourself a favor and buy this instead of the one at apple, you will not be disappointed. the colors however, are not exactly as shown. i got wine red and in person it is lighter than pictured. dark olive is lighter in the picture looks almost like a dark grey in person. tan looks as pictured.
i’ll admit i had doubts about trying anything that wasn’t an apple product with my apple watch but i couldn’t resist this color or price. the product did not disappoint and i highly recommend to anyone looking for fresh new bands for their apple watch!
perfect fit, color and 6th purchase from this company.  the colors are vibrant and and look so nice on my apple watch
awesome quality! just as durable as the original apple one i got with the watch
fits well on my wrist and is as described.  meets my expectations and is priced well.
finding the perfect color in iwatch bands can be difficult and time consuming. this was perfect!
been using my 38mm green watch band for months now and it’s still like new!
i like the looks of this band. the hue looks great with most of my wardrobe.
these are identical to the bands i purchased at the apple store for 4 times the cost.....
no rusting or anything of the time. have had it for a couple of months and i have noticed that the the color has faded it’s no longer beige. but other then that it does it’s job.
this is a great and inexpensive band for your apple watch  it has held up like my original band.
the band is great quality. i’ll definitely buy other colors from iyou!
very nice band, fits into watch securely. would order from them again.
i love every color of these i’ve purchased. no complaints.
feel soft and color is accurate . great product at good price !
this band is almost as good as the apple band just thinner, great color and for the price you can't complain.
fast service. love the band. matched the description. will order again soon.
these iyou watch bands are the best bands that i have found.  they are the closest to the orginial apple band and have the most comfortable fit.  the colors are beautiful and you won't be dissappointed!!
i purchased two colors, stone and turquoise. they arrived quickly and feel great!
great, comfortable band - just like the real thing> definitely will buy again!
this watch band is great and at a great price
i love this brand of band. the colors are just like the pictures and go perfectly with my apple watch. they are good quality and i can’t tell the difference between these and actual apple bands. i won’t buy any other brand!
this band is very comfortable and reasonably priced. i will be ordering more.
it was easy to put on and it matched by outfit. :)
awesome.  great quality. fits perfectly
it’s the exact color i was looking for and it’s the perfect fit. i have small wrists and it fits great.
great quality product! would definitely buy again.
i absolutely love the quality of the band. it’s very comfortable and looks great! i will ordered more soon!
love the quality and color that i bought!
the band was perfect. just like advertised. i would buy from this seller again
thought it was orange and it is dark coral otherwise nice band.
great band, fits well and doesn't come undone easily like some silicone bands
i love the color and material.
fits perfectly, & love the color!
this product is identical and the price is amazing!! i bought 2 colors the stone and sand pink which matches to original color that came when i purchased the watch.
i love the band, color is great  fits perfect very fast shipping  great seller
i love it! it’s the perfect color. it’s better than the original apple band, this one fits perfect on my wrist since they’re small and skinny, it doesn’t look bulky! thank you.
i ordered the antique white for myself and the dark olive for my husband. they’re great for the price point. i would say they feel a little stiffer than the actual apple sport band, but it could be that they will loosen up a bit with wear. the colors are spot on. i will be ordering more in other colors!
i love my new watch band.  the color is great.  delivery was as promised.
like everything about it
great for working out!
love the color. i know i will enjoy wearing it.
looks cool and fits great!  buy it!!!
love love love this band!!! i want to order more colors soo
looks amazing and very comfortable.
great band. comfortable with nice colors. it took a little time to receive it though.
color exactly as described!
can't beat the price, quality or color. great product - i get compliments every day!
i love that there are so many colors. between my husband and i we have a selection
product was as described
just received the band and it’s very nice and good quality i will be ordering more colors
this is as well made and the fit is perfect just like the one that came with the watch.  it is a great replacement
the product looks and feels no different than the iwatch band that originally came on the watch. very easy to switch on and off and seems to be staying with no problem. also the color is exactly what i was expecting. overall, i’m happy with the product and it was a great price.
great fit for my new apple watch. the gray color looks great with my silver watch. can't beat the price!
the band fits perfect and looks just like the apple band. will def purchase more colors from this seller.
love the color very bright and soft material
i'm struggling to upload pictures right now, but trust me this is a great product! i is basically a cheap apple watch band. i've had a great experience with mine... however make sure you order the right size!
nice
super cute and sporty.
i’m very pleased with my purchase and the service provided by amazon.  the apple compatible watch band was everything i hoped it would be.
great value!
fits great, nice color
i really like this watchband and the price was even better.  i purchased the smaller band and it fits great.  would definitely order more.
such a lovely pink!
i love this band-i’ve tried several and this one is the best so far!
perfect nude color & matches my watch perecftly
love it
love the color!
i love my watch band. it’s a beautiful pink color. it looks just like my apple watch band. i’m so happy i bought another one in a different color
ordered these for my daughter she loves them!
woww same quality as original apple band and fits perfectly in watch.
love it!!! just what i was looking for.
it looks great and seems secure!
it’s perfect! i’d order again!
nice and as described.
38 mm works fine on 42mm watch. fast shipping to texas.
pretty pink color and good quality band
love..,i will order again
comfortable. great color. can’t tell it’s not original band.
i was very pleased with this band. it fits my apple watch perfect. quality is as good as my original apple band. would highly recommend them. thank you again for great customer service!!
fits exactly like the band that came with my watch. it’s actually a bit softer and more comfortable. will definitely order more colors.
wonderful band. i will definitely buy again.
very happy with apple band 😍
this band is perfect! i bought one for me and my mom. we love it!
perfect for my apple watch, i will order more colors :)
love it! exactly as expected. shipped quickly, packaged well. very soft. fits perfect!
daughter ordered. she loved it. thought it was better than original since this one is more flexible.
love this band! the walnut color is great and the band is very comfy. i received this really quickly and i love it!
love it !!it goes with any color i ware
color vivid and compatible with i watch
love it
great product
fit perfectly and comfortably!
love these bands.  fit beautifully and i love the fact that they come in s/m size instead of “one size fits all” type.  own 3 of them and would only buy this brand again.
great color and delivered on time
i love the colors of the bands, ( i bought 2), they were very easy to put on!  they were delivered quickly
it's good and the price ok,
it fit perfectly & looks nice with my watch, i purchased a rose red one as well
love this band. it is the perfect color. i wanted a pale pink color instead a darker pink. fits great, no issues.
super good
the band fits nice. it's a tad bigger than band that is sent with the watch.
i like the color, feels cheap but works well
very satisfied. quality was excellent. fit was great.
love the purple color! it is a beautiful royal purple. watch band feels good on my wrist and fits perfectly! back to buy another color.
love it
love it! i looks and feels like the apple band. the color is very vibrant and looks just like the photo. will buy more colors!
nice band
very happy with purchase.
affordable and fast shipment
good quality.
it feels so soft but durable like the original, color comprarison between the original & new pink one i got
fantastix
excellent product. $7. just an amazing deal!
it fits well and has a great quality, feels exactly like the original apple watch band.
exactly as described.  ❤️the color!  i can see myself wearing this time @ time again.  shipping was fast!  thank you for your prompt service.
beautiful, thank you!
soft band, easy to adjust, love it!
nice watch band. the fit is a little small even though i measured....should have gotten the next size up.
i love this product. arrived quickly.
fits and looks great!
these watch bands are great
this band is great! it’s very soft, lightweight, and comfortable. it was so hard choosing a color because of the many great options - but i ordered “stone” and am very happy with it. i will definitely order more colors in the future!
looks & preforms professionally. happy with it
a plus product
perfect and high quality
just like the band that came with my apple watch! ❤️
it fit my i watch perfect! just like the band that came with watch.
arrived a day earlier! good quality and easy to change. i’ll definitely be back for more colors!
absolutely love my band! i got it earlier than expected, the color is great-i got the mint color. the band fits my watch perfectly and i haven’t had any issues.  great buy for the price!!
fit perfectly on my iwatch. i like the color.
this looks, feels, and fits just like the bands included with the apple watch. i got the antique white color and love it. it’s a great neutral color. also, the price point is amazing. looking forward to purchasing more!
i loved the price and that it was identical to the color of the one i bought 3 years ago at apple.
nice band. better than the usual off brand bands for the iwatch.
a little loose where it connects to the watch when i first got it but now it is fine.. im thinking the connector was stuck or something.  otherwise a good band  just as described.
lovely color. perfect fit.
it’s perfect
the band is soft which makes it more comfortable on my wrist.
thank you.  i love it!
love it! look like the original one from apple.
just as advertised. not a problem!
comfortable and easy to wrar
love the band
the quality is incredible and i will definitely be ordering more colors! thank you so much, fits perfectly and looks just like the picture and like a real apple watch band!
love it but it’s very hard to fasten. my band that came with my watch fastens with ease, but this one takes a lot. it’s a pretty soft pink. high durability & i will order more.
it’s light but it’s wonderful. the price you pay for is completely worth it! i have been wearing my band for almost a week and a half now and i have it on just like my original apple band.
good buy will buy from seller again
it’s okay. the quality is lower than an apple band, but for the price you can’t complain. my only complaint is that it’s listed as nickle free, but definitely isn’t. made my skin really irritated
quick, easy, and low priced.  that makes it a perfect purchase!
soft, good quality and got here very quickly in perfect condition! great price as well!
great fit  & great price
so soft and comfy.
i love it!! its literally the peach band from apple, but cheaper!!!
great! bright color nice
good quality
great color and band for the price
awesome color and feel!
my wife is really enjoying the watch band. we have no issues to report at this time.
i love it!  the color is almost the same as what i wanted in the apple watch band and they were out of it.  thank you.
i love the color of the band. i feel like it warms up the hard edges of the watch.
love it super cute
nice
great band. small fits perfectly. glad there are sizes. love the color.
fits great!
exactly what described
very satisfied with item! thank you!!
quality. easy to install
i really like the color. it also arrived a day earlier than expected.
this bands quality is grade a if i do say so myself. the texture is almost exactly like apples quality unlike a lot of other bands that i’ve ordered.
yes
nice color. pretty much exactly like the picture.
absolutely amazing! better than i expect, very sturdy. highly recommend
when putting my watch on, sometimes the little knob slips out of the hole. once you get it fastened, there isn’t any problem.
nice
band is really nice and soft, and came earlier then expected.
great fit (comfortable). nice quality. excellent value. and delivered quickly. thanks!
i haven’t used it yet, but the quality looks good.
i love the color. i will be buying from them again.
i ordered 3 different colors for my iwatch 42mm.  they were delivered very promptly with free delivery.  all bands fit perfectly.  very satisfied.
great product so far. smooth and a lighter feel than the apple product. will purchase another in a different color.
great my girlfriend loves her band.
looks just like the band the apple watch comes with! i love it so much! it’s very true to color
really nice looking. smooth and sleek. color is as pictured. a great buy.
great product
watch band as described, the only problem is that it seems to pick up “fluff” i’m hoping it’s because it’s brand new.
i absolutely love it!
came in great condition! love it!
great quality and it fits just perfect! not to mention the color is nice. i really like this product and recommend it. definitely will be buying more.
not as think as an authoapple strap but good quality
you can tell the difference between this band and the actual apple watch band but it definitely works well with the watch.
just perfect what i was looking for the color and the length of the band
great band. works awesome
good watch band but is not identical to apple version. this one is a little thinner but the color is true to the pictures. i got navy blue. worth the price, i would buy this buy again.
this band is so hq you wouldn't even know it's not from apple. feels just like the expensive almost $50 ones.
great watch band and it comes in lots of colors.
i like it!
awesome band. durable, comfortable, and very nice. get tons of compliments on the color as well. will order more colors in the future
great! good quality
i really love the color, the soft feel, and never once has come off or ripped. i recommend it!
i love it! really awesome color, hard to find! thank you
great quality product especially for price! much better than others i’ve bought in stores.
it’s identical to the apple band, but it gets “gunk” stuck with it easily.
i was completely satisfied with this product.
excelent
i loved this product. the color is amazing and the product is sturdy & well built. very satisfied!
i like the bands a lot. i plan on buying several more colors for myself and as gifts. color match the description.
perfect fit. good quality.
great price. nearly identical to apple’s bands. definitely would recommend.
very nice watch band. lot better than original apple band.
the bands are perfect!
absolutely beautiful
the flexibility on the wrist band is excellent, the color is my girls favorite
the concrete (light gray) has a small slit on the short side. still wearable just afraid as time passes may tear. other than that absolutely love the bands!!!!
excellent quality band! highly recommend this iwatch band!
material feels great. easy to clean.
so far so good! color was as expected. thinner than the true apple band but seems to be good quality and holding up well. would recommend!
i love the color it’s just like the picture. it’s comfortable too i will order more colors!
i ordered multiple colors and they were superb except one blue colored one which seller offered to refund . overall very good experience.
cool, basic, black, fits great, looks great.
looks great, arrived on time!
it’s perfect and love the color. i can use it everyday!!
adorable! luv the color and shipping was very fast.
yes i love the band.  i got the cocoa in the s/m size and it is a little smaller than the original band that came with my apple watch.  it fits perfectly!
delivery came fast as promised !!! very durable , stylish will buy more
very good price ! loving the color and quality of my new favorite band . will purchase different colors from this seller !
fits perfect
i love these bands.  they are very comfortable and fit my series 1 watch perfectly.
nice
i received exactly what i wanted color and fits great
love the color!
love the color and its secure arond my wrist
great watch band! you can adjust  to fit perfectly! great price
fits perfectly. very happy
i love this band so much! it is so comfortable!
looks good and ok.
soft, comfortable band. i use this band for workouts and hikes. easy to switch in and out.amazing price!
love the band! looks amazing and good quality!
works great so far
i read a lot of people complaining that this "lavender" wasn't really a purple and they were kind of bummed. while i will say that is true, it is exactly like its pictured-- more of a stone, gray, slightly purple tinted color (which in my opinion is prettier and more versatile anyways).
arrived well ahead of schedule. product was exactly what i wanted. great company.
very nice slick and all love it i recommend it !
it's perfect... i love it!
it was just the color i was looking for and the fit was perfect!!!
such a great band.  ridiculous how apple asks you to pay $40 for the same product.
i love it
perfect fit
i really like this band! can’t beat the price and it is identical to the one that came with my apple watch!
product was shipped & received very timely. watch band was as expected. i would order again.
very nice and good for the price.
really nice band. hard to tell difference from apple ones
great product fit my watch perfectly and good quality!
awesome band, i’ve had it for 2 weeks now and it’s a strong band.
love this forget its on.
love the color!
love my band!
shipped a day late, but otherwise a nice band.
looks and feels and functions exactly the same as apples brand watch bands
i love this band. excellent quality, fits perfect and accurate color description. highly recommend for iwatch
great quality and fit my watch perfectly
i'm thrilled with it and have ordered a few more in other colors. at this price, why not?
me gusta
this band is very nice, exact same color as the picture. th band is nice and thicker than a lot of third party apple watch bands.
i loved it and it looks flawless
i love it, it's great quality and easy to apply!
great!
i like the way the soft silicone feels and i like the closure of the sport strap.
love it! thought it was going to rip easily, but it works great!
very good quality and excellent price
really like it, just like i was expecting. a little bit thinner than the real apple bands but they look and feel good!
i’ll never purchase another apple band. these are the exact same for a fraction of the price!
gave this to a friend and she loves it!
good quality band for the price, no problems installing or issues while using.
i love the quality and color of this band
great product. looks just like the $49 apple watch bands.
ameiiiii 😍 the best,
great look fit and feel for a great price
the color is just as advertised - it slips right on and off easily and is very comfortable and durable.  very satisfied!
snazzy band
i am wearing this now and i love it!
plain and simple. you get what you asking for. can’t complain
quick delivery and exactly as advertised. highly recommend!
great
i loved the color!
liked my wrist bands.  very fast shipment.  great quality.  bands were compatible with my iwatch.
amazing price feels like apple band!
i love this band... it’s the actual color in the picture. i like the quality and the price.
works good,  only thing wish was deeper red.
color as pictured! i love it!! fits perfectly!
love this band. it’s thick without being uncomfortable. the price was great to.
i liked this product a lot. it is cheap and just the same as the original. very much satisfied. thank you.
good
good
lighter weight an fits great!!!
works like a charm. exactly as described!
the color of the watch matches what was showed on amazon.
love the color.
looks just like the ones from apple. great quality!
i love the feel and how similar the product is with the real apple watch band.
love this
great bands. i ordered 6 colors. very pleased so far!
looks as good as my original apple sport bands.
it feels very soft, smooth, and comfortable on my wrist.
cute and received quickly
nice just thin
bought this for my fiancé and she loved it. no complaints.
as advertised.
like the product
i love it
could bend a little easier but other than that it’s great!
this band was exactly what i was looking for!
pretty
great fit and color
ordered  walnut color and loved it.
perfect black watch band
me encantaron, ninguna diferencia con los originales
i like the quality which is close to my apple band. i love the price which allows me to purchase a variety.
fast service. good quality!
great color. going to buy some more of these in different colors
the band is very comfortable and just as good as the apple brand.
good quality. comfortable band.
i love my apple watch band could not be happier
love my new band!
the band arrived when promised. satisfied customer!
great quality
thanks
quick shipping. perfect color for all seasons
great band, great price!
great quality band; will buy this again in a different color!
they were just what i ordered! i love them!!
perfect fit and color
great quality! fast shipping. will be ordering more!
awesome!!! just like the authentic apple bands. love it!
very soft material and i ioved it!
exactly like the photos.
i love love love these bands. i am super pleased with my purchase!
perfect fit, just like what i got with the watch!
my daughter loves this band.  very good quality too!
i loved how they were available right when i needed to reach out.
the band works great
fits perfect. identical to apple band. have in many colors.
everything perfect
color is comparable to picture. nice quality for the price!
love the band. plan on ordering more.
works great
the wristband is as advertised
great bands for my apple watch
met expectation
love it thanks
fits perfect. nice replica of genuine apple band.
love the color. band fits perfectly and the clasp is very secure.
perfect fit.
this is exactly what i’m looking for.
me gusto mucho
quick shipping.  watch band color exactly like photo.
good quality
great quality.  feels and wears just like my apple band
love my band, it fit perfect and looks so pretty.💗
love my new apple watch band!!! very comfortable!
great for price.  doesn’t stay closed as good as original band.
llego bien me encanto
it looks like an original one. worth every penny 😉
looks and feels just like the apple brand watch for so much less!!
color
great color, very comfortable band.
i’m very pleased and satisfied with my  purchase!
this band is exactly what i wanted
great product. well made.
like
i loved it !
fits perfectly
amazing product!!! and such an amazing color
very comfortable! love the color
just like the real deal and got it fast!
love it!
nice fit, nice change instead of standard iwatch band.
i loved the color and the fast delivery
amazing color , very light .
perfect! shipped quickly and it’s just as pictured!
love it ! good quality
worked perfect for 42” apple watch!
as described and fast delivery thank you
love it
great color and product
very satisfied. i would purchase again
pretty good quality
good
good
excellent product
my son loves it
the product looked exactly like the pictures.
good condition! amazing price
rich color very nice quality
excelente ! lo recomiendo al 💯
love it
execlente 😍
looks and feels awesome
perfect fit.
love the color. it matches my shirts perfect
i was very pleased
muy buena calidad
perfect!
i love love love this band!
nice color !
colors and size are true to their description.
perfect
perfect
me guata
awesome
good
everything
i loved it
a. little stiff
good quality
great product !
great color!
i liked the color and fit.
great items
love it
very good quality
it's probably one of my favorite bands. soft, bendable, comfortable. will no doubt be buying more.
some instructions would have been nice since i had put one side on upside down and was left with a long tag.  my daughter and her friend both had done the same thing so they were able to help me get in on the right way.  it is too early for me to give a fair judgment since i got it a few minutes ago but i think i am going to like it for using in the pool.  it is light weight and soft, the color was just as described.
feels great, and looks great with the rose gold finish on my watch. i also bought the wine red and it looks awesome with that as well gives it the hermès look without the price i know it’s completely different but it’s cute for a mix up. happy so far i just received them today so i’ll review again if something goes wrong.
these are great! i have theee colors now and literally cannot tell the difference between these and the white one that came with my watch. for the price you can have one in every color. i wear these more than the super expensive mesh one that i paid almost $200. i like these because they work in the steamroom and pool too. so far no fading or anything.
quality is great but i have a big wrist and it is too tight.
perfect thanks
i ordered the antique white and it’s super cute omg..expectations exceeded for sure. will be buying more colors
i loved the band itself. fit perfectly.
i love the color and it came real fast
i like it
love it
i mix and matched to get the hermes band effect. what will your mix and match be
exactly as expected!
love this apple watch band
it was just as described. stays on secure.
it fits and i love it.
it fits perfectly just like they said it would i love the color i ordered antique white and i just love it, i intend on buying more colors  to match what i’m wearing for that day
this is a bright color watch band and it fits great. the color is a bright tangerine.
love the band! shipped faster than expected and looks and feels amazing!
easy to install, nice color, comfortable
excellent
my daughter gave me complements in the color!
very nice.
no complaints based on the price and color.
just as described
i love the color and the band!! i will order more in the future.  after reading the reviews i was a little nervous about what i would receive so i just ordered 1 red band.  i truly am happy with my watch band!!!
perfect!! this looks just like an apple watch, if not better. very nice quality and it so cute. absolutely love this.
it’s fits find not like apple brand but for the price i have no complaints.
thank you for my replacement 42 mm cocoa brown band  and the extra gift bands . love it
it fits perfectly, i love the color, i intend on buying more colors to match what i’m wearing for that day.
they were so perfect and are really soft material! they fit amazing, i ordered the 32mm m/l. thanks for the cute watch bands!
nice
love this band!!!  it’s just like the one that came with my watch, but a different color!  i will be purchasing more!!
i love the band, the rich color, the fast shipping, the price, and how it pairs really well with the rose gold watch color. thanks a bunch!✌🏾
great price & looks just like the apple store product!
great quality and love the color!
as expected , great color , soft.
buen producto
great product! like the black better then the white one i had.
love it!
love it! fits just like the original apple band!!
the color i wanted. difficult to get in the stores.
nice product
love the color it’s really soft. softer than expecting.
love the color!
i loved it, sure i will get other colors 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
quick ship, love the product- thank you!
closest match to apple factory band out there!
it fits perfectly! thank you so much!
fits comfortably but color is lighter than picture.
it’s perfect
i am enjoying my bands
these are the same quality, size, and style as the original band on my apple watch.
i was hoping for real tan/brown band but this one is more skin toned.  so it's ok, but not flashy.  if you are looking to make your watch blend in, it's ok.  hard to match with the bumpers - maybe a gold one?  anyway, it stays on in exercise and swimming and is well made like the original one that came with my watch.  for me personally, i want to order this in a better color.
nice quality
this is a christmas gift i am giving to my daughter, but from what i can tell so far, just from feeling the package and seeing it through clear packaging,, it appears to e a very nice watchband.  it feels very supple and i think should be quite comfortable.  the light teal green color is very pretty.  for the price, i am anticipating success!
good spare band for iwatch
love the black band!
i love it, feels just like the original apple band!
i haven’t had a problem with my band it fits nice on my wrist so comfortable and also looks nice on my wrist also delivered was a smash on time... thank you iyou
the band is nice but it fits a bit small.
great watch band! it is affordable and looks awesome.
not flimsy or cheap feeling
similar design, size, and feel as the original sport band that came with my new series 4. i came from a series 2, 42 mm and they fit perfectly.  due to the low price point, i was able to buy a few in different colors. i am quite satisfied and highly recommend them.
just like the band that came with my apple watch but wayyyyyy less expensive.
goood
great quality material for band. fits apple watch perfectly.  good rich color
great bands for the price!  i bought several in different colors.  although i haven’t used them all as they are gifts for my grandchildren, the one that i bought for myself is performing well.  it not only feels but looks like an original apple watch band at a fraction of the price!  highly recommend this product.
great watch band! excellent fit and look! 1/3 of the price!
colour was exactly as it looked in the photo. i have many bands from this seller and all have withstood a lot of workouts & daily wear
good quality, exactly what i was looking for.
my wife was thrilled with the new band for her watch.  it is a great value, especially compared to the cost of bands from the apple store.  great work, this band looks excellent!
wife ordered and loves it. matches her uniform.
seems great so far. great color
nice one.
good quality. wife likes it.
very good quality
what i expected
i really like my new apple watch band.
cute and perfect fit
nice color!
i bought the ocean blue band and it is beautiful. fit the watch perfect and stays nice and fit on my wrist. the snap is secure and the band has this nice matte finish. definitely recommend. i plan to buy other colors.
great product! recommended! looks like very expensive, well finished, good quality! worth it!!!!
good watch band
looks just as picture
i bought two bands, one is a little rough around the edges and the other is great. they are good for the price but quality is inconsistent
very similar to apple watch band. fits well. great color. easy to put on. easy to clean.
nice
i love this
nice product with very quick delivery.  thank you.
definitely a value for the quality
nice beige color.
fits and works great
i love it. i can’t never go wrong with the silicone iwatch bands. they’re so durrable. easy to put on and take off. i think i own about 15 differed colors not including the fancy chain ones... so pretty 🤩🤪
waiting to see
i like it! and i think i’ll buy some more!
great selection to choose from at a great price.
i wanted a neutral color band and it’s sometimes difficult to see the true color from company’s generic pics. sooooo i decided to buy several (i have an new addiction lol). for those like me who really wanna see the difference in colors, here u go. from l to r: white, antique white, stone, walnut. you’re welcome...i also bought the purple band. couldn’t decide on pink sand vs new pink sand so i bought both. pink sand is extreeeemely light. new pink sand has more pink to it. i prefer that one. see photos attached.
i read many of the favorable reviews here before i made the purchase. both of the colors i ordered (stone and mint) met my expectations and were similar to the colors depicted online. the stone is a soft, warm light gray/putty color that's fairly neutral, and the mint is a muted warm light green -- again, similar to the photo on amazon.
very nice inexpensive band
fits great. nice colors
initially, i was not sure whether the quality of the product will hold up, and it's easy to be swayed by the number of reviews. i ordered because it was such a great price. well, i'm glad i bought it because the quality is great, they feel just like the original and have met all of my needs. the difference is that it's slightly thinner. that's it. for this price, it's hard to beat. i'll be adding more to my collection. thanks.
snug fit and feels like the original. great value!
i chose the color pink sand based on reviews pictures and it’s pretty accurate. very cute color. price is great and feels good quality.
thx .  watch band fit perfectly. arrived quickly.
great, hugely recommend!! great price
beautiful vibrant pink.
great inexpensive alternative the the ones from apple.
great price. great quality. i highly recommend this brand.
like it. was so much like original apple band
i love the look the black band gives my watch.  arrived quickly and it is just what i wanted.
great products purchased three additional !!!👍🏽
looks like the exact color shown in the picture. fits great.
as far as off brand bands go, these are good, especially for the price. i love the look and feel. the purple one i ordered fits great. the pink one seems bigger, which is frustrating because i love the color. i wish it fit like the purple. on the same hole, it’s too big, and it’s too tight if i go one more.
i've ordered many different bands for my apple watch and this is by far the best quality for the price.  highly recommend.
prompt delivery and the item is just as described. will order from again.
arrived on time. looks like i ordered one size bigger than what is needed. it is my fault. my wife likes it. the quality looks fine and is similar to the apple original. it fits apple watch series 4.
love it. perfect cause i don’t mind getting it wet. and it’s a good price!
great just like the original
fit nicely and very durable
took only a few seconds to attach, and works just as expected.
i like the color
fits good and looks great!
great price and fits my new apple series 4 watch
love the quality and color of these bands.
i ordered the black 38mm s/m. it looks exactly like the picture shows, and seems to be good quality.
excellent band, looks wonderful, fits apple watch perfectly  and cost only a third part of apple’s prices! thnks!
don't buy the apple watch band on the store, buy it here, they are the same and in a much lower price.
the watch band is exactly as they described it.  seems like good quality.  i'm happy!
strong closure and love that is silicone but not sticky. good quality.
loved the texture and color!
love the color & love the flexibility of the band - plus it got to me on time
item ordered arrived on time and exactly what it looks like in the picture.👍🏻
for 85% cheaper than what the apple store charges... you can’t beat it. good quality almost identical to apple’s quality. i bought 6 colors for the price of one from apple.
totally comparable with the originals from apple, i’ll said i shouldn’t pay the 50 dlls for the originals i’ll buy each color
definitely worth the buy , great !!!
the closest substitute to the original band that came with my watch.
me encanto
the band fits my watch nicely...but that's about it. it is not at all the color portrayed in the picture. it's more of a light mint color and as i already have a band that color i'm now with 2 bands that are essentially the same color because there are no returns/refunds allowed for this item (which i did not see posted anywhere on the original listing.) it's a nice product, i just don't want to have 2 of the same item.
i love the color! i ordered the pink one, it’s a great remake of the apple one. it was kind of hard to get on though.
this item was shipped quickly and works perfectly with my apple watch
it’s perfect! color is exactly what i expected.
i ordered the vintage rose color and i love it so much. it matches the rose gold apple watch perfectly. it fit perfectly as well on the watch. the item shipped fast. i will be definitely buying more bands from this seller. thank you for the product!
good quality!  i’m very pleased with the watch band, and i’m picky!!
all was good, delivery from fedex was a bit weird however, the item arrived so all is good
product fits and looks fine as advertised
fits perfect on apple watch
it smelled so bad when i took it out of the packaging. i left it out for a few hours and the smell went away.
it’s a pretty good band for the apple watch.  i’m just not sure i like the color as much as i thought i would.  other than that i think it works well.
very similar to standard apple band.  slightly thinner, but very comfortable. has worn nicely.  excellent value.
bands are perfect!. exactly like the apple bands.  perfect fit and easy to use.  great colors!!
i really love the pretty purple color, it is vibrant and matches my iphone case.
love the look of this band!!
i love this color - very soft, goes with everything. band is perfect, just like the one from apple! great price!
easy change, like much better than the one that came with the watch. will update if there are any issues with quality
worked awesome.  gotta admit i was worried that the fact that the screen isn't covered worried me a lot. but i tested it with the dummy like the instructions said and trusted it with my $400 watch. it worked great.  i we snorkeling for an entire long weekend and it worked flawlessly. (except the touchscreen doesn't work great when it's wet). i actually fell off the boat at one point and ripped it off without noticing (found it half an hour later). it was fine!!
after reading a lot of mixed reviews, i am in love with this band.  it is comfortable, charges in the case just fine.  the main thing is to follow the instructions on putting the case together.  i have worn it while doing outside activities and at work as a firefighter, it tracks heart rate as if it wasn't in the case.  well worth the money for the price of the watch and the extra protection works great.
i want to start off by saying catalyst is a great company. i purchased this watch case for my apple watch series 1. when i got the watch case on june 22nd i immediately put the case on to try it out. after getting the case on i was trying out the buttons and to my surprise the wheel button took an incredible amount of force to get the button to activate the function. so i contacted catalyst via email and with in a few hours i had a rep replying back. he wanted me to try a few things and if they didn't help to then fill out an rma form. so after several days i put the new case on my watch and the crown works flawlessly. i'm able to press the crown with the lightest amount of pressure to get it to function. i am definitely one happy camper😊 also the case looks nice and is comfortable to wear.
i ordered my case for my series 1 almost a year ago. needless to say it was a great looking case after that - i’m pretty harsh when trying protective cases for my watch or phone.
i'm a blacksmith, and one of the main worries i had about forging with my (original) apple watch on was ingress of metal and silica dust. i've already killed the mic on it (no siri, no dictation) with perspiration, so i wanted to prevent anything worse happening, and just declined to wear the watch, missing all that activity data.
like other reviewers, i am not crazy about the quality of the band material. maybe more with the finish/surface.  aside from this, i have been in an ocean, gym, pool (many many times), rain, and yes even in hurricane harvey.  works as advertised and my watch is still working, and i would not hesitate to jump into any water, shower, e.t.c. with it.  did i mention countless showers after gym?  you have to wear it right to get the ​hertbeat sensor to do its thing.
i just received this case today and i have to say this is 100% what i was looking for. the case doesn't add much bulk and everything still works just like it did without the case on.
i’m a professional farrier, and finding products that can withstand the insane amount of day to day abuse that my jobs demands is a hard feat.  that said i now where my apple watch everyday when i’m horseshoeing.  i used to never wear it while working on the horses due to the almost guaranteed breakage.  i have zero concern of that occurring with the case.  it takes hits and shrugs them off like they never happened.  trust me when i tell you this case is worth every penny you spend on it.  amazing product!
this is a great tough case for your apple watch series 1. if you're like me, and you don't need all the bells and whistles of the new models, this will toughen up your watch. adding water resistance, and putting a nice buffer around the screen is awesome. the band/case is really bulky though. if you don't like big watches, you're not going to like this. i seriously dug the scifi look of it, and wear it when i'm gonna go on a hike or do something extra rugged, where i don't want to bang up my speedmaster. seriously good stuff. get one.
great watch band and case for the apple watch. gives good overall protection. it would have been nice if this came with protection for the screen as well. it does have raised bezel which offers some protection, but it would be nice to have a little more - it's the screen that gets damaged the most, after all. this watch does form a nice watertight seal, but i'm not sure i would trust it to go swimming.
great product!!!  this is my third catalyst watchband for my 1st generation iwatch.  i do not stick my watch underwater but occasionally it gets splashed.  never had a concern about the watch being protected.  this is a nice looking product to be sure.  the only concern i have with it is the small band used to hold the end of the watch band.  it slips around and the band comes out, leaving a “tail” that is annoying.  i have to reinsert the tail a handful of times each day.  i do not wear the band loose so i’m at a loss.  this has been an issue with the other two bands to the point the small band ends up tearing and i need a new complete band.  this is not enough to deter me from buying them again, being that i’ve bought 3 of them(lol).
so far so good.looks good feels good,fits well. have not tested the water proofing yet. the small rubber band with the catalyst logo which  holds the excess  around the long band  has split. emailed the company to try and get a replacement for it will  advise if they send a replacement. would have been a 5 if it did not split.
this has been a lifesaver!  i love this case!  i get so many compliments on it and i can wear my apple watch anywhere.  it is perfect for when i am in my pool and it stays protected from my two big dogs that like to swim with me.  if there were 6 stars i would give it that!  if you are a girly girl you may not like it because it does make the watch bulky but i never have to worry about it being in the water or getting chipped or cracked.
i've used at the beach, at the pool and at a river.  so far not a drop of water as gone inside the case.  great product for those who bought the first watch and don't feel like changing it just yet.
delivery and quality of case was great. looks just as the picture showed. very pleased overall.
i have worn this watch band during baseball practice, yard work, etc. it gets dirty, rinses off and works flawlessly. highly recommend it if you need a tough, nice looking, waterproof watch band. on a side note, i also own the iphone x catalyst waterproof case and it's fantastic!! great products!
overall, i think this is a great addition to the already impressive apple watch. the only qualm i've found is that i'll often activate one or both of the side buttons if i rock my wrist back. when looking through my photos, i have countless screenshots of the watch face. i think is due to the fact that the buttons have been extended out slightly (to provide the waterproofing separation)... honestly this drawback is not nearly enough of one for me to take the high quality catalyst case off.
this was a replacement for my lunatik waterproof watch case.  i like the fact that the band is silky smooth like the original watch band.  it was easy to install the watch with the one screw.  very nice that they include the screwdriver to remove the one screw.  overall, i like that it's light weight and it's waterproof.  nice case for the money.
i bought this because i am rough on watches, one of the main reasons i waited to get an apple watch, i did a repelling class with this on my watch, it got banged against rocks, rubbed against ropes and webbing.  it poured rain for 2 days and this case took a beating and my watch stayed safe and sound inside.
it is indeed waterproof. but it seems to reduce the watch's ability to track things like exercise. i bought it specifically to be able to track my swimming. but after 28 minutes of swimming laps it showed only 4 minutes of exercise. on another day about 12 min of swimming showed only 1 minute of exercise. not sure why it's so far off, but that makes it useless for me. :-(
i like the ease of installing the watch into the case. i like the fact that i no longer have to worry if i have my watch submerged in water to long. the wrist band is very comfortable and easy to get on and off.  the 1 set back is that the wrist band is a soft rubber and has a tendency to make it a bit difficult to to rotate on your wrist and catches on long sleeve shirts. with that said it is a very comfortable wristband because if that so i will deal with it.
i've been wearing this case with my apple watch for a while now. i wear to to work in an office as well as my weekend ranch work. it's indeed waterproof in a hot tub and shower. it protects the little computer from knocks and dirt as well as longhorn licks and dog slobber. i've worn it in 100+ degree weather digging post holes and while hammering in t posts. i'd go so far as to say that the apple watch with this case seems to be as durable as my g shock. that's anecdotal and not too scientific so your results may vary.
the catalyst case is very nice in appearance, the functionality is good  the resistance to the water is like they advertise, but the shock resistance is not too good to rated it  like a military grade, i'm in the military and the first one that i brought surfed a crack when the door vehicle hit the watch of course the case protect the watch that's was the reason to buy other.
it doesn't look at good at the lunatik epik case/band but it's good looking. and the fact that it's waterproof is awesome. best of all, you don't get that accidental crown pressing screenshots or siri activation that you do with the lunatik. that itself makes it worth it. soft band and great overall watch protection.
i have the series 1 42mm apple watch and it fit perfectly into this case.  i advice you take the time to test with the mock watch that comes in the box.  additionally, take the extra time when sealing your watch in the case to ensure the rubber housing has a proper seal to keep water out.
this is a good buy also, it doesn't take much to put together, except you will have to buy a front shield for the watch because the watch case is open in the front, and that is unexpected when you buy it.
never thought i'd get a case for my apple watch but i was looking for a change in look for my watch and i'm not disappointed. catalyst makes some quality cases and this is no exception. i have the polished chrome face and the case just makes it look black which was perfect for me. taking it out of the box it feels cheap, really cheap but it will keep your watch safe no doubt i take it surfing and bumped it around on rocks with no issue. the band is comfortable and easy to clean. i recommend this to anyone who likes the look of the case along with excellent waterproofing.
i like this case because i needed something to protect my watch from my encounters with doors, shelves and wall corners. this case provides the protection from dings and scratches while still looking good.
well, i've been worried about putting it in water, but i finally went swimming in it, and it still works! hooray! it is a little big on my wrist, but i kind of like the way it looks. it seems to protect really well from bumps and water.
great band if you do any kind of work that could possibly damage or break your apple watch. i have had this band for 7 months and i noticed it had started cracking at the set screw on the back from where i think i may have over tightened it.  i reached out to customer service and got a very prompt response.  after filling out their online claims document they have sent me a new band that was shipped very quickly. if you’re looking for a heavy duty band for your apple watch and want to feel comfortable in your purchase, this is the one!
up until this past weekend, i had been using the product as a normal case.  that all changed when i put the case through a spartan beast which involved swimming and mud in a mountainous setting.  not knowing how the case would protect my series 1 apple watch, i am very pleased to say that my watch was completely protected and is functioning just as it was prior to the beast.  if you are looking to make your apple watch series 1 waterproof (to a certain depth which is enough for swimming or any obstacle course race) as well as protect it cosmetically, this product is worth it.
apparently i got mixed up when ordering.  after looking st several different covers, this one stood out as he best i could find. however, it does not work for the series 3 apple watch. i’m giving a 5 star review because , after opening and discovering my mistake, it remains a very well made product. my only wish is that they made one for the series 3. thanks for the hastle free return. great company!
actually super impressed by this band. been out on a tractor all day and i was filthy dirt and so was my watch. sprayed myself and the watch and band off and it looked like it just came out of the box. no water issues leaking inside either. great band!!
my favorite band out of 5. i honestly didn’t like it as first but love it now. it’s a bit bulky and on mine, used one, the dial sticks some. but that could just be mine.
this case has allowed me to swim and use my iwatch (series 1) and still be track my calories and activities! many people are paying more for series 2-3 iwatch for the waterproof feature-- but this solved that problem for me! it came quickly and although i was nervous the first go around in the water, it worked like a charm! i'm already recommending it to others.
this is my second catalyst case for my apple watch original stainless steel.  i put my watch in one of these before i ever put it on my wrist, and switching to a new case after a year... it's like a brand new watch.  don't stop making these cases.
i like the look! it takes the sleek look of the watch and makes it look much tougher. i work with my hands every day and it has protected the watch from everything. i ware it while paddle boarding in the gulf, and have spent the day at the water park with no issues. i was unsure with the strap style because of the piece that holds the extra band always slides off and then the watch flaps crazy. this strap has a piece that sits in the bands hole to hold it in place. great buy
great case, very effective when i'm swimming lapse and working.  the only thing i don't like is that it takes a lot of effort to take it out of the case.  but, at least i know it's watertight and secure.
slim and waterproof hard to find with a apple watch band. i'm a farmer/mechanic/avid kayaker so i put my watch through a lot of abuse. that being said this watch cover has stood the test of diesel, oils, and water. i'm purchasing my third one over 2 years. the first finally became dingy enough, the second i made the mistake of over tightening the screw eventually leading to cracking of the case.
swimming, showering, snorkeling, and a lot of each.  just returned from a 8-day southern caribbean cruise and only took the watch off to charge when sleeping.  this case is awesome!  the only criticism is that i wish there was a smaller one that i could have bought for my wife's 38mm watch as well.
i love this for my apple watch, i just got back from vacation and it withstood all the punishment of surfing in the ocean to jungle excursions. the only problem is it will not charge on my apple watch stand.
so far it has stayed waterproof, and all functions work with the watch in the case, except pressing the winding stem in requires a lot of pressure.
great product! i highly recommend for anyone that wants to make sure their apple watch stays safe. great for anyone working in an industry with a high chance of damaging their watch.
this is an  amazing waterproof case that will give your apple watch the feel of a casio g shock watch . no need to upgrade for the 2nd generation of this watch , just get this case and you are good to go . call quality doesnt get affected by the case.
i ordered this for my husband to help protect his apple watch, and he loves it! he spends a lot of time on/around water and this case has done an awesome job protecting his watch. the case doesn't make the watch look bulky or obnoxious and it's not uncomfortable for him to wear all day.
haven’t submerged it yet but wear it at work doing construction. got this to protect from dust from concrete and drywall and by the end of the day i’m covered in it. the watch is perfectly protected so far. i wash it off in running water every day and no leaks detected. case is not as bulky as it looks in the photos and i was pleasantly surprised about the look and feel of it. my series 1 apple watch got an upgrade!
i am comparing this watch case to the lunatik version. i like on the catalyst that it’s sealed on the bottom. i use this watch everyday and working out cause a lot of sweat. with the lunatik it would get all build up in the case. i do not have this problem with the catalyst. i will say the clasp for the catalyst is not as good as the lunatik. both are good and durable but i prefer the lunatik clasp. overall this is a great case and does well.
works as advertised. been swimming with this at least 50 times with no issues. would definitely recommend this if you're all good to use it in the water.
good to have when wear in shower/pool. sits up a little high, not a great looking case as it's pretty simple and plain, but it's nice cuz can run any strap you want, as in a nato style, just covers up bottom though.
great band have used several times salt water fishing and swimming at the beach
provides great protection from sweat and jarring that comes with a very active lifestyle. product met my expectations upon delivery. i’ve worn it for several long runs & workouts and it has held up well. was a little worried about getting a good connection to my charger with the waterproof backing but have had zero issues. definitely recommend for those looking to protect their series 1 iwatch.
great case for series 1 apple watch.  have used it for surface swimming in the ocean and pool all summer without a problem.
best apple watch case ever
i love it! i got my apple watch for christmas last year and i love it, but the problem is that it's fragile and i tend to be fairly rough with technology. but this solves the problem! it's like a lifeproof case for my apple watch! i've yet to see how well it does in water, but the overall construction of the case seems very durable and solid and should fair no problems when being knocked around on a daily basis! thank you catalyst!
the only draw back is that its so bulky that my weights gloves hit the buttons. i think i have taken about 400 pics while lifting weights. waterproof rocks though as i swim daily and i have even dropped the watch into the pool on accident and it came up from about 10 feet sitting for about 30 minutes still working.
so far so good . used it for a 2 day lake trip worked out good . using it during work outs . seems to skip out on some workout minutes . makes apple watch look great . i get compliments on case . buttons work good so does the dial
the band and watch case are very comfortable.  only thing i don't like is that you have to use a screw/screw driver to open the case.  i generally wear my leather band on weekdays and this band on weekends.
for the first minute after opening the watch disassembling it was not the best but once i assembled it back onto my watch i loved it. good material very slick and thin not too bulky. i even go completed on the watch because they were shocked that it was an apple watch. i highly recommend this watch cover even if your watch is waterproof.
very durable and definitely worth the money! bought for my husband that is a marine. he works aviation with fluids and oils and such and has not had an issue with the case. also taken to the lake several times and is waterproof! after about 7 months he had an issue with it and the company is having no problem with sending him a brand new one! they stand behind their products! recommend 100%
this is a nice, rugged case for the apple watch. it adds a little bulk, but does a good job of protecting the watch.
if you are looking to completely waterproof your apple watch this is a must.  easy to put on, fits on the apple charger stand with no issues, and very durable!
with the minor complications with watch case they were able to help me with rapid response. catalyst was fantastic about understanding my situation and figuring out what to do next. i would 100% recommend to anyone that is looking to protect their phone or apple watch because they are a caring company and really appreciate their customers.
this is a great case for the watch. easy to install / feels the same in your wrist and keeps the watch from getting wet.
had a few trouble with the seal just have to be very careful when putting it together
certainly is waterproof.  spent the last 2 months using it in the ocean and pools.  haven’t test it in deep water but for the average person, this is perfect.  goes on fairly easy, i wouldn’t recommend constantly taking the case on and off just because of the tedious nature of screwing in the little screw.
if you're like me and don't read the entire product description, understand this does not encapsulate the watch.  the silicone boot does however overlap a screen protector if you use one.  every bit as comfortable as the watch band from apple.  i've only had it a couple weeks, so we'll see about the durability.
the watch band is very comfortable to wear.  it’s also good looking.
fits well over my husbands iwatch and doesn't make it too bulky.  seems like just the thing for sailing since his phone is always tucked away in a ziplock in the bow.
the plastic wristband takes a while to get use to but once you do it is amazing
great watch case and even better customer service. i needed a replacement after my first band started getting some wear and tear and they replaced it for me for free. very happy with my purchase.
this case works well, however the rubber retaining band to hold the excess strap bursted after 6 months of use
i bought this watch band so i could wear my iwatch during a warrior dash race. the race involved several water & mud obstacles. i was prepared to purchase a new watch if this didn’t work. it worked perfectly!! as you can see in the picture i wasn’t just a little muddy i was covered in thick sludge!
just recieved this case and it feels high quality. i havent seen any problems with it and the band is very comfortable and flexible. my only thought on it is that the crown cover makes it slightly harder to turn. over all great case! seems water tight.
purchased for my child’s apple watch. very durable and has allowed him to get his series 1 wet. great product!
i got this case about a month ago. i work construction and it has handled everything i have thrown at it. ripping out drywall, framing, hanging sheetrock, anything, not even a scratch. i was worried about taking it swimming, but it handled an hour in the pool with our boys like a champ. great buy!
swam with it once with my apple watch series 1 without a problem. i would have given 5 stars if the stainless steel didn’t scratch easily from the first day of use.
absolutely love this case! i testsed it out, per the instructions, and it it was sound. later that day i accidentally left my watch on while washing dishes, took everything apart to be safe & it was all good!
amazing accessory for the apple watch1! i was considering buying a new apple watch due to its waterproof aspect, but after trying this i’m literally extending the life of my series 1. i’ve been swimming and kitesurfing and it’s really delivered to it’s promises.
works great to protect watch for daily wear and tear.
i love this watch band. i was a little nervous at first, but it has been so nice to not worry about my apple watch getting wet.
purchased case after accidental drop broke crystal.  seems to be highly protective of watch, and waterproof is a plus protection from rain and wet in outdoor activities.  all buttons work as described.
awesome waterproof band!
bought this to go to costa rica, went swimming all day and just went through the rapids with this on and it’s still holding up! love this case, bought a new wrist strap for it and love it as well. this is a must buy!
great product seems to do everything they said it would and not as bulky as i thought it would be. i did submerge the watch under water just to see if it would leak and everything went good, no leaks!
great case! i take a shower, and even got in the ocean with my i watch on. great product. recommend to everyone.
i really like the way it was design and the fit on a 42mm apple watch. good product!
great product! i am confident about the protection from bumps and water that this case provides. the only complaint i have is that i wish it was easier to put on and take off.
so far so good.  it's waterproof and the watch still works like it should.
husband approves and ready for all his outdoor activities!
great but i don’t think my wrists are that big and it barley fits. i am only 2 notches in. i am 6’4” and weight 220. love the way it looks and the material the band is made of. doesn’t move around a lot and i thought it would look judge on me but it looks great.
love the band.
i'm a lap swimmer and average one half mile three times weekly and the case has worked perfectly for over two months now.  it also enhances the appearance of the watch and the strap is more secure than the standard strap.
the case has worked very well for me. i have worn it daily while swimming for the past month and it has kept the watch dry. it offers great all around protection. i changed the font color to green to match the dial which looks really nice. i definitely would buy it again.
amazing watch band so far. very comfortable and strong. i thought there would be a problem with the voice mic and speaker being slightly covered, but surprisingly no! works perfect!
have been swimming many times with no problems.  very comfortable with working out as well.
the case works really well and i would definitely recommend the product.
great product for great price, only thing is i wish it had a screen protector
purchased for my husband.  he scratched his watch so i got him this and it was perfect.  fits well and protects his watch.
i bought this to protect my watch during a tough mudder. it lasted through the whole thing in cold rain, mud, ice water, and getting smacked a few times in falls. very impressed with this case.
i am an avid hiker and needed a rugged case for my watch that could also seal it from water to be water proof as opposed to water resistant. the catalyst met all expectations!!!
looks great, wears great, great deal!
great case/band for the apple watch. i like to use it as a backup to my apple band. would buy it again anytime!
i bought this to use on vacation in the bahamas. i was worried about the saltwater but once i saw how great it was in the pool i didn’t worry at all. absolutely worth every dollar i spent.
looks awesome thank you😎👍👍
my husband is very active. i needed a quality product that would protect his watch as well as waterproof. so far this is a great investment. it was easy to install and he really likes the color.
ordered this one used and it workin like a champ. i use it everyday on my workouts and also shower with it. works great:)
i really like this case i wear it every day and it’s great. the company is really great also i had a small tear in one part of the case. i told them about it and they made it right for me. this is a great company
very comfortable no issues at all.
looks great, and works as advertised.
it actually holds up pretty well, i don't like the fact that it doesn't come with an included front protection for the screen, but still it does pretty well just as is.
works as advertised very rugged
ok
i’m am very rough on watches and their bands. i’m constantly replacing one or the other. since i switched to catalyst i don’t have to worry about it anymore. catalyst really can take a beating.
do my laundry and forgot it was in my pocket and accidentally put it through the washing machine with my watch in it. completely worked the same after. i’m also a lifeguard and i’m always jumping in the water with it. it has held up really well so far.
i never worry about my watch anymore i leave it on 24/7. i'm an active person so it fits my lifestyle but doesn't get in the way at the same time.
the first one i got broke when i tried to put it on my watch so i applied for a return. my money was credited back to my card almost immediately. i then purchased it one more time and it is perfect. i am very happy with this purchase! highly recommend this product and the company is amazing at customer service!
great item great price great service
works great, great protection. i was going to the caribbean and i worried about my apple watch(stainless steel) and the saltwater. electronics and saltwater don't usually mix.  i went swimming, snorkeling  and just hanging out in the ocean for at least 6+ hrs, not a problem or hesitation. very well made product. the bezel may or may not rotate from time to time but you can always just swipe the screen.  added bonus - it makes your apple watch incognito and most don't recognize it. so it cuts down on random questions about it,
great case
the waterproof case exceeded my expectations. the only flaw is you can scratch the band. i just colored the spot  with permanent black marker and you can't tell. i have been swimming, showered and briefly in the ocean. i recommend this case for your apple watch!
my husband loves it.  it makes the apple watch more rugged looking and offers great protection.  (he is always banging his hands around)
love the product!
not the most attractive watch, but definitely did the job as advertised for me.  i went through a summer of swimming and kayaking with the catalyst case and my apple watch is running beautifully!
so far so good, bought it to protect my apple watch when swimming laps at the pool
this product is exactly as they explain.. perfect for water protection and looks great on your watch.
great watch case/band and truly waterproof. it can handle the rough work environment. but, after weeks of wear, there’s a crack on the silicone case part, so it’s no longer waterproof.
the only and i mean only downfall of this product is the push-pin connectors that hold the band on. after being used to the apple band which is pretty sturdy. i bought the cover for the waterproof section anyhow and if i lose a push-pin at least it's easy and cheap to replace the band and pins.
a bit bulky, but good value.
great product, fast shipping. works perfect for me, and doesn't make the watch bulky at all. thank you catalyst for a durable and dependable product.
it was easy to assemble and worked like a champ!!
so far, it has worked as advertised. we still do not have it lined up perfectly with the silicone sleeve and the outer case, seems almost impossible to get it with no problem.
excelente
works well
i wish the side buttons were black instead of orange.  i also would like a shorter band.  it works great in the water!
was a bit hesitant but this works great and is high quality.  surf with it daily and it’s been great!
not a bad product. has held up well for me for months. only downside is the added bulk but you get used to it pretty quick
best case so far. it really is scratch proof and it makes the watch look more athletic, especially on a guy's wrist.
haven’t put my apple watch in the band yet, but like the look and did the water test..so far so good.  should be using it next week
best protection for your apple watch worth the money i bought 2
good product
a quality product with a quality feel from the moment you unbox it. the silicone band is very comfortable and the overall feel is great!
great case. lost one star because the band has snapped off one time, which was unexpected but other than that it has been everything i've been looking for.
great fit. had it a week so far and already has a few sacrificial scratches on the case and still waterproof. this is my 3rd one. i am very hard on them so i don’t mind replacing them when they break. they are outstanding
yard work, swimming etc no problems
so far so good. passed the pre-test for waterproof.
excellent product and service from catalyst. would continue buying their products in the future.
awesome!! arrived before estimated arrival date and is very comfortable. very happy!
this was a great purchase. i bought it for my husband because he is in the construction industry and it has protected his watch. he even got in the shower with the watch and had no water damage. we definitely recommend this product to apple watch owners.
my boyfriend loves it. he hasn't taken it off since i got it for him. he works in al kind of conditions and weather. this is really great for him. works awesome.
fits perfect. very comfortable.
works great! delivered on time, very happy. although after having it for a month it broke! i'm so upset, the plastic case broke while i was swimming. i wish it had lasted longer because i really liked it.
i really love this watch band. easy to get set up and seems to be built well so far.
great case
got it and love it! easy to install
it often triggers siri while wearing it, which runs the battery down quickly. other than that, it's amazing.
great product!!!! would recommend
amazing product. feels comfortable on hand, perfect size and works perfectly.
loved the case when it held my watch. then the buckle on the band fell off. i contacted support to see if that was covered or if i could purchase a new one. while waiting for a response i took my watch out of the case so i could wear it and when removing the little screw that holds the case together it removed the section that it screws inside the case. i didn't force it or over tighten it. just unscrewed with a crunching sound. when support got back to me i explained what had happened and i didn't get a response, i waited a week and contacted them again and still no response.
awesome product!
loved this product! it does exactly what it is supposed to do and it looks great at the same time!
nice product
easy installation and great looking
amazing buy
protects everything but the screen.. bulky.. but does its job to protect from water and dust
like that it’s waterproof.
the cover is wonderful and my warch looks nice i have a big hand and i dont like the tiny little apple watch!! so this is great for me !!
awesome product and awesome price! definitely recommend!
i'm liking the watch case. i've been mixing up the colors with my other watch case. i wish they had other colors for the series 1 apple watch.
i love the case. thought it would be more bulky than it actually is. great protection for my iwatch investment.
works great but i can’t use phone on watch now
awesome product
awesome product!  looks cool, works great!!
husband loves it and uses it for swimming.
awesome
suits my needs !!!!
my brother loves the gift. he said he banged it on a wall and it didn’t mess up.
i was worried everyone said theirs had broke etc... i love it i treat it nice and it has not given me one issue yet please ignore the idiots they obviously don't take care of it.
absolutely waterproof!
completely waterproof.  i coach swimming and teach swim lessons.  no issues.  it does add bulk but i expected that.
great band for a great price.
not heavy, very protective, cool look.
exactly as described
well worth the investment !!!!!
so far so good
the case is really good i took it snorkeling and it held up really well.
it's all i use now. mountain bike, road bike, running, it's my new watch. ✌️😉
i love it so much i am goin to order one more best case ever good protection for you're watch
great product. only thing i don't like is it a little big but other than that it great use it everyday.
just what i was expecting.
case fits great and the fit and finish is fantastic. no complaints from me.
great quality, best prices...
perfecto
excelent
nice
i like it so far.
realy good material. it arrived on time an in a excelent condition
installed this band and it looks like a new watch!
love the case.
great product!!! super good merchandise
needed
great product!! i'm not afraid to wear my watch now!!
i like it very durable and stylish
it did what it's supposed to do the band is a little small but usable
we tried numerous other brands and this one has been the best by far!!!!
i love it
well worth the money. i will be buying the phone case next!
nice. protects fully.
great price!
i bought this waterproof band/cover for my trip to the north atlantic to protect myself from sand and salt water. for two weeks i was body surfing, build sand castles, swimming, and floating in the water everyday.  i'd took 2 showers a day in addition to the beach abuse and my watch works great.  secretly i feel the applewatch is water proof based on other videos and feedback; however this band gave me some peace of mind that i wouldn't need to replace my watch.  the whole inside has been dry and free of dust, salt or sand. i definitely recommend this product to others who would like to track swimming activity or just would like to enjoy the beach or pool without worrying. i am also still wearing the band until summer is over so i don't have to switch it depending on my activities. hope you all enjoy.
that’s awesome
excellent quality
the product does it job and keeps the watch safe!!
it is perfect.  stylish.  and fits to a t
it works as advertised.
very sturdy looks nice and sleek.
the best case
works great ! swimming, shower everything!
very durable and works surprisingly well in the water.
if you have a active life this case is for you.
thanks.
it really does the job of protecting your watch.
i really like it
good!
so far it held up beautifully to both fresh and sea water, including extended exposure during long swims. digital crown will fight you slightly but works as it should.  i have no issues with either charging or heart rate monitor. pay attention to installation instructions and you won't be disappointed.
awesome product!
i love it!
i love it.
awesome
very light n good
ok
perfect !!
i like it
perfect
protect my apple watch when i do a physical job
i would have loved the product if there was a disclaimer that informed you not to charge the watch with the case on, as the silicon back will tear. now, because the silicon tore, my watch is no longer waterproof, and is now useless. however, the company had no problem sending me another silicon sleeve, which was great.
nice fit and gives a good protection
i was worried that this would be too bulky or goofy looking on my wrist. i was wrong. while it is larger, it has a good feel and look (i'm a 6' tall guy... not sure how it would look on a small wrist). i've only had it a short time, but it was able to hold up just fine to a bunch of bumps, hits, and water from an week long amusement park trip.
i absolutely love this case. im in the military and also do a lot of mud runs, this case will be perfect to keep mud and water out, so i can still utilize the heart rate monitor.
great look and feel!  many compliments on this band. the white face guard does not get dirty as you might expect with white. the band has a thickness that feels like it will not wear out. but the main reason i bought this case/band is because it's waterproof!  i love that i can shower and swim with it and not feel stressed out about its durability with water pressure. i love to stand up paddle and never stress about falling in the water and getting it wet or even if i happen to swim about 2-3 feet underwater. this was such a great buy i want to buy the other colors as well. get it!  you won't be disappointed!
was just as expected
i've been wanting to go swimming with my apple watch since day 1. this case is awesome for instances where i go underwater as well as working around the house where liquid might accidentally splash on it.
this is legit .. if you are going to buy a watch case where you will never have to worry about it getting destroyed by water damage .. i suggest this one.  it's amazing
great product
received wrong color, i received all black instead of the black with orange side buttons. besides the mishap i used it instead, very pleased with the product. i work in the oil field an i cover it in oil, diesel an brake cleaner on the daily basis an it still stands up. beaten, battered an abused it's holding up nicely !!
awesome case definitely worth the money.
haven't tested to see if it's claim to be water proof stands up,but the assembly was very easy.also held up while playing tennis.
completely protects watch but the soft rubber irritates my skin, that's not the band's fault, i love it otherwise. rain, sleet, snow is the only water i've been exposed to in the winter and its flawless. i've smacked the watch against a lot of stuff at work by accident and it's not got a scratch on it thanks to catalyst! you guys got this one absolutely right !
best investment i made in along time. as a daily beach goer i need some kind of case so my watch wouldn't drown. now if they make one for the 38 mm watch the rest of the apple watch beach goers would be happy swimmers too.
great product.  i don't know where the bad reviews come from?  i have not had any issues and i beat mine up with work and 3 kids.
this is an excellent product! it's light, yet durable and was relatively easy to put on with the directions. seller sent out item very quickly. all went great with this transaction.
amazing for the apple watch
my son loves it!
this is exactly what i've been looking for!!! this is an amazing product and if your looking for complete protection look no further.
great watch investment, to cover apple watch ,  quality is great and service was quick and reliable.  thanks
very good case. work around water all day and never have to worry about water damage
🔝!
excellent!!! much better than the other brands that's look alike but are a little cheaper.
love it!  nice knowing my iwatch will not get damaged
great case...the tiny screw issue should be addressed
as advertised
alright let me start by putting the reviews to rest that claim install is difficult...all cases catalyst, epik-lunatik all seem to get a bad rap for install being hard. there solid/ aftermarket cases and install depending on case takes no longer than 2-4 minutes to install for the solid protection they provide. this case is pretty simple..water test for 1/2 hr & dry off. remove screw, push center ( case separate's) place watch body in water tight gel case, place front cover on while making sure seal is good, snap on rear cover & install screw-done!  that's install to a t! i had the epik lunatik prior which i really liked, but the catalyst is a little more compact and feels way lighter on arm. ( barely notice watch / band weight.) band is very comfortable, no rash issues of the sort ( depends on person?). all functions work perfect, no crown issues, works smooth, actually like it's not as sensitive as my lunatik ,was way to sensitive.  you can install case w/ or w/ out a screen protector ( my application has an armour shield)
i'd give it 5 stars if it weren't for the fact that the very comfortable silicone band is a lint magnet.  it's somewhat like those silicone lint rollers.  you can rinse the bands right off and they look like new, but a little time and the lint easily returns.  but i can live with that given that the band is more comfortable and offers a slight stretchiness that seems better suited for athletics than the stock apple band.
i bought this case as soon as it came out for my 42mm 1st gen iwatch and have not been disappointed since. in fact i bought the matching iphone 6+ case as well.
i was looking at the lunatik brand version-which maybe looked more high end. but early reviews of that were not making me happy. so i bought this catalyst. i live a pretty active, not fancy life style. what i mean is that i swim in beaches and pools and do other active stuff. really happy about the protection this case affords. i also like that it makes the watch look a bit more rugged. but, i suppose if you have a fancy dinner or business meeting it looks fine, you just have to decide whether it is up to your sartorial standards. it is probably not that difficult to take the watch out of this case and swap bands etc. so far though i have just kept it in the case.
seems to keep water out, which is the main point.  heartrate sensor and charging work fine, as do the digital crown (stupid name) and the multipurpose button.  the (tiny, tinny, low-volume) apple watch speaker works as well as it does without the case, and the apple watch microphone works as well as it does without the case.
this apple watch case is amazing. it does the shock of protecting the watch from water, dirt and dust. the screen is exposed and has no protection, which isn’t bad since apple watch screen is pretty tough. after having it for 6-7 months and having close moments. it only acquired three scuffs. the only downside is that if you overtighten the bolt in the back might crack but it still does the job.
had the case for just at a week now. really like it. the buttons work very easily. the scroll when is a little harder to turn but expected since it is in a water proof layer. fitment is very snug and doesn't look like any water can get in. the band is nice as well. makes the watch look bigger and i like that.
awesome case/band! it feels great and i feel like my watch is protected with this quality item.
sent this to my son for his birthday. he loves it!
fast shipping, item works as decribed
excellent product
excellent.. functions exactly like i'd hoped and arrived earlier than promised!
there are supposed to be replacement screws inside the dummy watch that comes with the case.
this is not a fake reveiw this thing is mind blowing go underwater nothing to worry about
i've had this case now for nearly two months.  as far as i can determine, the case performs as advertised.  fortunately for me, i've had no issue with the watch band coming loose from the case.
i have been using the catalyst waterproof case for my apple watch for over a week, and i like it more every day.  i had tried 5 wearables previously that i could use for swimming, but there were problems with all of them once i used them in the water.  but then i found this product.  now i am able to wear my apple watch from the time i get up in the morning to when i put it on its charger late in the evening, and it records all of my activity whether i am swimming, walking, or workouts.  my watch works better than any other wearable that i tried.  if you are interested in using it to record data for swimming, it records swimming laps as "steps taken".  the workout app works in the pool, too,  but i find that the timing is a little off, but all of the wearables that i tried had the same problem.  i can access the screens on my watch while i am in the water which allows me to check my time, steps, and heart rate.  and all of this can happen because my watch is protected by this case.  the charger works well with the silicone portion of the case, and the overall construction of the case is strong and provides me with the protection i was seeking.  the only drawback (which is only slightly inconvenient) is that the strap is very long and the silicone holder for the strap slides while i am swimming.  i have an average wrist so if someone has a small wrist, this might be more of a problem.  overall, i believe totally in this product and am very glad that i purchased it.  i would highly recommend it for someone who wants to wear their apple watch while doing water activities and still get the protection needed for such a high cost piece of technology.
this is all you need to know: i was at a picnic recently and reached inside a tub of cold water with my watch hand that was encased in this band.  it wasn't in there more than 5 seconds but it was completely submerged, and passed the test with flying colors.
i love this case, it fits great and there is plenty of room on the band for my wrist. i'm 6'1 240lbs and i use the third hole on the band.  it ads a little bulk but it feels like the watch is better protected. i drive a truck and a forklift and i have banged the watch around and so far so good. i also bought a tempered glass screen protector and fits great. it's gotten wet a few times in the rain and there was no water getting past the rubber casing. making phone calls with the rubber case is also not a problem, the sound is good. i would recommend this case. i wish i would have bought this a while ago.
this is turning out to be a great product for any person that may expose their apple watch to submersion in water.  although made entirely of plastic, the case seems sturdy and looks like it can take some abuse.  i have not been able to test the integrity of it's durability as i have not dropped or hit anything when using this case (intentional or not).  it's incredibly easy to put this thing on and secure (screw) it in place.  i commonly put this case on when i'm out fishing, as i can avoid taking out my iphone from a securely stored place on my person.  i was also able to take a call on my apple watch with no serious audio issues or them hearing me.  the band is really soft and comfortable.  although soft, it does not tend to stretch.
not too bulky, very comfortable, easy to put on and take off, and you can charge your watch with the case on despite the waterproof silicon cover on the back (or whatever it is). exactly what i needed. i put it through a good test in the pool and the ocean. i've taken it off and put it back on several times. as long as you keep the silicon/rubber cover in good condition, you should be fine. the only thing to be careful about is that the screw that secures the case is very small and easily lost if it falls on the floor. be careful!
so far so good. i didn't read the complete instructions and assembled the watch without doing the water test. once i did the water test with the dummy watch, all was good. (don't throw the dummy/test watch away they contain extra screws and you may have to conduct a water test again if you happen to drop the watch, as per instructions)  i doubt i'll do rigors water activities, not that i don't trust the product, i just needed the protection as a law enforcement officer for when i'm caught out in the rain or get into a physical altercation. the only downfall  that worries me is the silicone rubber on the back and over time it seems it will break and or dry rot. but i will see!
best case ever! already a deployment to iraq and kuwait, ocean swimming, jumping from helicopters into the ocean, jet skiing, parasailing and wake boarding and not once has my watch ever fallen off or stopped working.. i just wished i could get more of the silicon insert and knobs in different colors other than that awesome!!
this is my 2nd catalyst case for my apple watch and they are definitely worth it. at this price i couldn't pass it up. i work in a face pace environment and can easily hit your wrist into things possibly damaging the watch but not with the catalyst case. it's a small investment versus buying a new unit!
i purchased green pop 42mm  case. i love the case, and swam four times - swimming 700 yds. per swim. the app i use is swim.com. no worries with wet fingers, because the app uses the pressure sensitive feature of the watch to stop and save the workout. it works perfectly with the watch "rings".
the best waterproof case for the apple watch! i tested it for 3 weeks, ocean diving, snorkeling, jetskiing, pools, slides, the test was successful. looking to getting another case for the watch and a catalyst for my iphone.
i thought this was way too expensive; however, my husband loves this band. he finally felt comfortable enough to wear his apple watch to work without worrying what would happen to it if it got wet or dirty or took a bit of s beating. it also looks very masculine and transforms the look of the apple watch. my husband has no complaints about this watch and the use of it. so with that said, i’d say it’s worth the money.
update:  they sent me a new case  plus one for a friend. the case went on flawless. customer service contacted me and informed me they would like to send me one plus another for a friend. plus they would stand by their product. it took a few days to arrive. and wow!  i had no problems what do ever. i'm giving them five starts just for thier customer service contacting me.
this case is amazing! i unsure at first because the design looked cheap. i got the watch in the mail and it delivered the goods. the watch has been in the shower, pool, and in water environments. there is no water in my apple watch and it still effectively tracks the heart rate and calories burned. i am extremely impressed with this product and would suggest it to anyone who needs something to protect the watch from water and the elements.
so this case is made for me . i'm a guy allways doing stuff and knocking in to things along with the fact i wash my hands all day and don't like water getting u set my watch case . it works perfect all the hr functions work well . the dial is a bit different to spin and not as easy but u can't have all the protection and nothing change ! yes get one it's worth it !!
all in all it’s the best protective case that i’ve found. it’s a little bulky, and it doesn’t look quite as sleek as the apple watch without a case, but it does a great job of protecting the watch. nearly right after i got the case i tripped up the stairs and hit my wrist pretty hard on concrete, and the case held up and my watch wasn’t damaged at all. the customer service with this company appears to be top notch as well, i’ve received two emails from the company, one thanking me for my order and another checking to make sure i was satisfied. all in all, this is a very good purchase.
awesome watch case for apple watch series 1. packaging is professional and shows quality. case is well made, nice rubber band, and precise. watch fits, charges, and functions 100%. i had been wanting one for awhile and when this came up on amazon deals it was a steal under $20. would recommend to any apple watch user. you won't be disappointed with it.
excellent watch case. i actually prefer the look with this added than the apple watch as is. it’s more masculine and looks sportier. the wrist strap is not as easy as the original of course but i still prefer this look. i would wear it even without the waterproof protection.
i never write reviews. i accidentally left my watch on the hood of my wives car today when i got home from work(got preoccupied taking out the trash)  as we drove away it flew off the car going 45 mph hit the ground and was ran over by the car behind me. of course the case is ruined but the watch was completed unharmed! best case ever! saved me a iwatch and i will be ordering as soon as it is back in stock.
this case did a wonderful job standing up to all the underwater stuff i do in my 60 min hydro class!! touch screen worked, calorie counter worked and stayed fastened. i give this two thumbs up!! i was underwater alot and it seems to carry on! i'll follow up after next weeks class with an update.
i was so afraid to use it and damage my apple watch.  i used twice with the dummy and no trouble, so then i used it with the apple watch and its working fine so far. great product. like the style and rubber.
i accidentally tested this out when i forgot to remove my watch when in the shower. if you're thinking of getting an apple watch, you can save a few hundred dollars by simply getting an older model and this case. works like a charm!
absolutely awesome, feels good, fits good and great protection for the true working person. i just wish they made one for the 38mm so i could protect my wife's watch, she's brutal on things!!
tough case. a bit bulky for my small wrist. but does exactly what i ordered it to do. protect my watch. i recommend buying a tempered glass protector for the watch face to go with this catalyst case.
bought this for my husband's watch, and it fits the watch great. apparently, he has submerged it in water and it protected as it is supposed to do. he's bumped it, whapped it on walls, dog bit it and the watch still seems to be doing fine. no marks on the band or watch. the band fits like a charm and still has room to go. i personally thought it had a cover for the actual watch screen, but it does not. which is fine because it still works great.
i have been looking for a "manlier" watch band for my apple watch because apple's included silicone band looks a bit too dainty on my wrist. i first purchased a lunatik epik case / band. this is a fine product that is well made, but the band was just not quite big enough to comfortably fit my wrist. so this was a concern when purchasing the catalyst band. i am very pleased with this band. it fits well and the strap itself is quite comfortable. it (the band portion) is made from a soft silicone rubber, much like apple's stock straps. and the catalyst has the added benefit and protection of a waterproof case. this is a well made, great looking product.
overall it seems like a decent case. i literally just opened the package so i may need to update later. the band seems very comfortable, it seems to seal the watch well and was easy to put together. downsides so far, the plastic case seems cheap.....not saying it isn’t effective just feels cheap and the box when delivered looked like it was tampered with but no issues with box contents.
like most people the apple watch is a “want” not a need. i wanted an apple watch for some time, and i finally got me one. now i did my research on this wonderful little gadget, and like all of us who pondered pebble vs the apple watch we all noted the same thing, waterproof. the apple watch is not water proof. i have a lifeproof case on my i6 which has done wonderfully so i did a google search for “water proof case for apple watch” and sure enough this case came up in that search as number 1. when i searched on amazon, i became excited due to the fact i am all about the amazon faries coming to see me. when i saw this case, i knew this was what i was going to get when i finally made the choice to get my coveted apple watch. i am pleased over all with it but there is a dark fact you need to know.
awesome case, it's thin but still can take a beating. the water proof part is a plus. i have submerged it in sink water, bath water, washing machine, and while washing my hands. the case protected the watch perfectly. i have watched reviews on the watch for people even scuba diving.
great watch case! every feature of the watch works perfect and it looks super good! i haven't been underwater yet, but i can tell it will definitely keep any kind of quick dunk away from your watch. it's basically a condom for your watch. nothing covers the screen. then a big plastic box snaps around that.
love this cover. the only thing i wish it was solid dark black with red knobs. it works great with the iwatch. hopefully i look forward to seeing an all black one in the future. it makes the watch somewhat waterproof and is pretty nice overall.
this has been a great facelift to my old watch, no need to get a 3. i have the latest updates and now strong waterproof case and comfortable band.
i have been wearing it in the pool. my apple watch remained dry inside. it also keeps the dust out.
i do like the case enough to give it 4 stars but i will say that i thought the buttons were red but they are actually orange and this is my second catalyst band and i wish the band was a few holes longer as i have larger wrist and i am on the second to last hole on the band.
this watch case is pretty dope. keeps my watch nice and snug inside with loads of protection. there is a silicone membrane inside of the case for shock absorbsion and to keep the electronics water tight. i have no complaints so far. im new to the whole smart watch game. i have been a dedicated casio g-shock wearer for 15+ years. i am extremely hard on my watches. so far the catalyst case has met my expectations and been working like a champ. it is extremely comfortable and i don't even notice it's on my wrist. it looks very clean and masculine without being too bulky. there are only two "cons" that i will note. one is that it does not include a screen protector. because of the waterproof membrane that gets cinched down when you screw the case shut, it does the job of waterproofing without being fully enclosed. it leaves the existing screen exposed. i had a zagg hd clear screen protector installed before throwing it into the catalyst case. this will ease my worries of banging the screen. my number two con is the strap. it is an amazingly comfortable strap made from a beefy soft rubber/plastic material. that said, it collects dust particles on the rubber. i just use a cloth or paper towel to wipe it clean. one last good note that i was not expecting. there is a "dummy" plastic apple watch pre installed inside of the silicone membrane right out of the box. if you pop open the dummy case it contains two extra closure replacement screws. not that i will ever need them, but it's nice to have them in case the current screw becomes stripped or loosens and gets lost. so do not throw away the dummy watch or the included screwdriver. i have not tested the waterproof feature yet other than washing it under the sink. it is still winter time. i'll update this in the future once i get a few river trips in this spring or summer. if you are on the fence about this watch case/strap combo, don't be. it's amazing and comfortable.
my husband ordered this for vacation and has not taken it off!  it's a nice case and he wears his watch more knowing it's more secure.
this iphone watch case surprise me. at first, i thought that it would be cheap. when it arrived and i open the package i was taken back with how sturdy it was at first  glance. after applying it on my watch i found out how well it fit and the look that it gave my 42mm iphone watch. will i  recommend this , yes.
great if you work around water and have the older version of the apple watch.  also great for durability and helping to avoid dings or scratches if you are working in an environment that could cause this.
went through a rainstorm with no damage or leaks to my watch. good product.
bought this for my husband and he loves it! would definitely purchase again!
my wife loves it!  i put it on in about 10 minutes and we have gone to the beach several times with no issures.
phenomenal case!  excellent quality!  totally waterproof. great job catalyst!  i would definitely buy this case again! easy to install. follow the instructions and you can't go wrong.
love my watch, hated wearing it for work. i'm an hvac tech and can be hard on watches. now with this case i have zero worries about wearing my watch. great protection, rugged looks and keeps it completely sealed when i'm caught out in the rain while working up on a rooftop. will definitely buy from seller again but i don't think the case i have now will ever give me a reason to need another one!
product packaging was excellent. directions sufficient. product as advertised. going to river this weekend so we'll see how it does underwater
works well, does make it harder to charge sometimes...
bought as a gift for my husband he loves it!! it fit nicely great quality exactly what he wanted
looks great and works great. i have worn my apple watch in the pacific and in swimming pool with this cover and so far so good.
great protection for the apple watch ⌚️...went snorkeling in the galapagos and had no problems
great case. protects the watch perfectly. only wish the case strap connectors were the same as the watch itself. it would make the product more customizable.
the case fits my apple watch perfectly and it looks good.  it is comfortable to wear. i bought it more for protection from dust than water but it did not keep the apple watch dummy dry when i tested it.  i would recommend it
quality good love it.
excellent i recommend them very responsible
excellent product!
excellent and quick service. product looks great!!
best you can buy.  provides excellent protection at a great price.
the product is good. i would purchase another one if they devoloped  glow in the dark for a series 1.
got this case for water rides at an amusement park. it worked really well, the only thing i didn’t like was that it is a little bulky.
fantastic case, water doesn't get in i basically never take it off unless it's to charge
works great my husband loves it.
as described!
must have. nice styling. if you don't buy this you miles not wear the watch. it will save you watch.
great
this product is the answer to protecting your apple watch when you are involved with water sports or or racquet sports.  i kayak in the ocean with my watch thanks to this case. get one ifyou need one you will be glad you did.  if not wait until you break the bezl then get one.,....
only for v01
the band is very comfortable and the case still allows good functionality with the touch screen. the size of the button allows for my hand to press the button and trigger siri sometimes which is my only knock.
good
this case is awesome. definitely recommend to anyone who needs a sturdy case for the watch like me
worked great until the band started to wear within about 8 months. also the little screw on the back will rust and become a pain to remove. i still would buy another one just because it really does protect the watch.
very durable. been banged on corners of walls and submerged in tubs of water. don't have to worry about my appel watch.
this watch case fit my new watch and my large wrist perfectly.  i added a screen protector and the gasket still seals tightly around the face.  the sound quality was a concern, due to some hearing deficits i have, but the audio is crystal clear and the microphone picks up with no issues.  i work in a busy emergency room and i wanted a case that would protect my investment and allow me to clean the watch easily;  this case delivers in both areas.
nice watch case a little bulky
love this case!
just great
amazing
luv it ... it has no front screen protector built in.. that's the only fkaw
this is definitely great product, it is kind of upgrade my serial 1 to 2 for swimming purpose.
love this band.  not afraid to wear my apple watch now.  well protected!
i really didn’t know if this case was actually worth the 70 bucks but i do now. i have swam, kayaked with it on and no problems! great waterproof cover.
love it. just need to take it off to put on my charging station
so far this case has held up well.  no leaks, and the band is very comfortable.  styling is sharp and professional.
case and instructions were clear while i haven't dunked my apple watch in water yet it does make me feel that it's more protected especially from accidental water ie putting hand in the sink
good product and fast delivery
works and fits great, honestly the only reason why i bought another one is because the silicone piece tore on my old one, so yeah now i have two.
this is great now i can swim with my apple watch and track my calorie burn while doing laps
i was waiting to review it until after having used it everyday diving for lobsters in florida.  that's right! diving for  caribbean spiny lobsters. i dove about 10' deep with my apple watch in the catalyst wristband.
works great. looks great
best cover.  i took it swimming in the gulf, pools and no problems
gift for my brother who is a mechanic, spills oil on it and still works fine. looks just as pictured.
great
taking of the screws started to strip the little screw that was holding it together so needed to use a different screw driver.  otherwise once on seems to be very good.
this is a great case for apple watch. love the color scheme.👍🏿
worked as publicized.  pretty happy with it.  it was a little bulky though.
awesome product, works perfectly, completely waterproof and shock resistant, as advertised.
keeps my watch from getting ruined. i can rinse it off when i am done working.
best apple watch case by far!
works great for a water ski instructor. it has no leaks and the strap is very secure.
so happy i bought it.
item arrived on time and just as described- no problems
awesome band
excellent. works exactly as advertised
good value
fits watch great little tough to get seal perfect but it does seal up nice.  wife said looks kinda like the kids toy watch. feel the watch is well protected
meet all requirements to make swimming and diving.
not bad. it's gets the job done although the quality doesn't seem to be worth the price. i like the product over all though
excellent quality to protect my apple watch!! fast shipping! thank you!!
great item! had since the summer. wear it to work all the time. keeps my i watch safe.
highly satisfied
really impressed by this case. ever since i got it, i've never used my apple watch without. only wish they'd come up with more colors/designs.
works great while swimming laps
this works well. i. work around water most of the day . and it has kept it nice & dry with no problem .
protects apple watch well, not the fanciest case but it does what it is supposed to do
great
the best watch protecter wish i had an extra😔
on time
i purchased this for vacation, as we would be spending a lot of time on and in the water.  it came with easy to follow instructions, and i tested the product with the dummy watch first to make sure there were no leaks in the case.
i never see watch catalyst waterproof it’s nice
good case
turn your apple watch in a waterproof watch.
best apple watch case i ever bought.
works great. swam with it today. i've also kayaked with it. no problem so far.
it's really good!
great product
this is a great solution to waterproofing your 1st gen apple watch. the instillation is easy and simple. the watch band is very comfortable and has a metal clasp for superior durability. the crown adjuster and side button work flawlessly. the crown rotates with some resistance making it less likely to spin inadvertently whiche working out etc. it should be know, the case easily installed over a screen protector.
item was great!
helpful but bulky
works great
its nice i love it
i have had this watch case for about a month and so far i am impressed. it adds a lot of protection without much bulk.  i have not had the chance to swim with it but it has been wet and the watch is fine. it still looks like an apple watch but gives it an unique look. the side buttons do not always respond with the case in it but it is not that bad. overall i like this case and would recommend it.
love it!
works perfect.!
i love my case.
met expectations (which are high). no issues with water damage or impact.
product is durable, comfortable provides good protection without hindering the capabilities of the watch.
just great
love this case
excellent buy. look amazing
very good product so far. i'm happy with the look and function of the watch band.
it works great
very nice addition to my apple watch
i bought this case to protect my apple watch (1) and make it waterproof. for this need, the case does not disappoint. the watch was completely protected, even in some pretty rough situations. and the watch was completely waterproof, whether i wore it in the shower or while swimming, etc. the main drawbacks are putting this case on the watch, making sure that it's on correctly so the watch is waterproof, and then the extra size that this creates on the watch. i have a relatively big wrist, so this isn't uncomfortable, but i will sometimes accidentally hit the button when moving my hand back, etc.
good stuff and seems reliable. has yet to test it out in the water tough 😅
the catalyst case for the apple watch was pretty nice for water proofing the watch. would have been nice if it could have been made of more premium material to go along with the apple watch stainless steel instead of being plastic. i had people thinking the watch was plastic but it did work for waterproofing thats what mattered definitely not for style seems more like an activity kind of case
i got nearly 18 mo occassional use out of this watch case before it cracked, likely due to the trouble i was having popping the top off after one use in particular. i used this on a couple of dives to 50ft and a lot of swimming, including weekly swim class with my toddler. i have read the negative reviews and am sorry to hear about the bad experiences otgers have had. i do wish the case was a little more sturdy. and even though i had no issues with the band, it was a worry since it didn't feel terribly secure. i've never like the pin design for rugged use. but again, i've never had a problem with it.
case has done a great job at keeping my apple watch safe and water proof.  i haven't taken it off once since i put it on and i've had zero issues.  the only semi-negative is that the strap loop slides down sometimes, but that's probably just due to how tight i wear it and my skinny wrists.
a little bulky but i have small wrists.  not bad at all though.
i bought this mostly to provide protection while wearing it during sand volleyball play. it sure beats using a sweat band and cellophane combo for protection. first one that i bought (refurb) cracked on the bottom plastic housing near screw. i did not think that i had screwed case too tight as i unscrewed a half a turn to finish install. fortunately, watch is more waterproof than apple will specify. manufacturer sent me a replacement at no charge. so far, this one has been taking a beating and keeps on ticking, er, protecting.
as described would do business again, super-fast shipping, & great price!
love it! leaves my watch perfectly functional and i finally feel comfortable swimming with my apple watch!
brilliant watch band/case. fits well. dial and button on the side work perfect with the watch design. case has a clear bumper to place on watch, then you secure the top and bottom of the case, making the watch more water resistant.
i have about 20 different apple watch cases and bands. this case/band is by far my favorite. i am very happy with the quality, price, and delivery time!
got this for my mother who gardens and cans. she loves it. keeps dirt and water from damaging the watch. highly recommend to anyone who owns the apple watch!
grandson loves for his apple watch
great case looks good and works great everything i expected from a case of this quality. still using it haven't had a problem
after spending several hundred on the iwatch, my husband decided to get a case that was actually durable. he works in the oilfield and is very rough on all his gadgets. he's had it about a month now and it is perfect! no scratches or issues at all. he gets in the hot tub with it all the time and has had no leakage issues. this is definitely worth the investment to save your watch!
so far so good although i have yet to submerge it in water
excellent!! highly recommended!!!
worth buying
good product protects the watch well and the knobs work flawlessly.  the sensors read your skin and the charger is able to grab it with no problems.  the company is great, i had an issue with my order and it was fixed.  the only reason i give it four stars is due to the fact that after charging many times the silicon on the back becomes loose and luckily i had another one to use that silicon.  once it loosens enough the watch stops recognizing you have it on and you get no notifications anymore.  id like to give it three stars because of this since eventually im going to run out of the silicon cases and it'll be a constant headache at that point but again the company is great maybe if they read this they'll offer free silicon replacements.  other than that all i can say is it does what it says it does protects your watch without making it look cheaply.
excellent my apple  watch is much better now and i feel good
love it
i bought this to replace my spigen apple watch case. the cover was removable and came off and was lost right away. i like the fact this watch case doesnt have a silly clip on face and it screws on! the strap came a little loose while swimming, but it's new and wearing it could use some adjusting. as the manual recommends check the silicone inner case for cracks and holes prior to water activities. this works well for swimming i was able to start a workout labeled other as the apple watch 2015 is not  inherently water proof there is not swimming activity. all the sensors worked great while running too. the bezel spin works fine. a little pricy but great product so far.
very comfortable, durable, and light weight. very good case doesn't add a great deal in weight and dimensions. very satisfied with the case. went through a rainstorm on the motorcycle with no damage or leakage to my watch.  so far it has provided very good protection. i like the addition of the turn nob for access to the silent button. that has worked well so far. love it!
i've tried a few different cases by far  this one is the best! i've only had it about 2 weeks, if it lasts i will update to 5 stars.
like the improvements made to this series from the last one. keeps my watch protected as they state and have no issues with anything. strongly recommend.
i love the extra bulk that this case gives my watch.
works well. tight fit. good protection.
works great. make sure the silicone seal is visible all the way around the face of the watch. i wore it for a spartan beast while the remnants of a hurricane moved through and had no problems!
excellent product.  i love it!!!
i was in a car crash while wearing this watch band.  the airbag hit my wrist and broke the metal screw holding the two pieces together.  completely destroyed the plastic case.....but it left my watch without a scratch.  this this is awesome.  without it, the airbag would have shattered the watch, without a doubt.
it almost killed me but i was able to tear it loose so at least it will brake away in an emergency. i lost my watch and band but i kept my life. i was in a kayak accident where i was held under water by my wrist but i tore the band loose and saved my self.
love it
excellent product! easy to place apple watch into. provides great protection!
i like everything but the bright orange buttons online they look red. very durable i was in a car accident the airbag ripped it off my arm found the pin and put it back together.
i bought this prior to taking a trip to fl to visit the beach. installation was a little tricky, but once i got it on, it felt comfortable. makes the watch a little but bulkier, but that is to be expected.
very good product.
i’ve had this case for about 5 months and love it. i had an issue with the case cracking but i contacted the company and they were extremely responsive. i had a new case in less than a week.
after read some reviews i was afraid about how to do a correct installation
useful
the water proof watch band arrived on time and what i received was what it was described in the amazon website. i had no problems installing the waterproof watch band. now i am able to leave my apple 1 watch on while i take a shower.
awesome
metal clasp was sharp had to wear it down so it would stop cutting into my wrist. otherwise great product!
the catalyst case is a beast, i’ve taken it swimming, rock climbing, and put it through hell for the last year and it’s held up!  i won’t use anything else to protect my apple watch!!!!  you won’t be disappointed!!
worked awesome.  gotta admit i was worried that the fact that the screen isn't covered worried me a lot. but i tested it with the dummy like the instructions said and trusted it with my $400 watch. it worked great.  i we snorkeling for an entire long weekend and it worked flawlessly. (except the touchscreen doesn't work great when it's wet). i actually fell off the boat at one point and ripped it off without noticing (found it half an hour later). it was fine!!
after reading a lot of mixed reviews, i am in love with this band.  it is comfortable, charges in the case just fine.  the main thing is to follow the instructions on putting the case together.  i have worn it while doing outside activities and at work as a firefighter, it tracks heart rate as if it wasn't in the case.  well worth the money for the price of the watch and the extra protection works great.
i want to start off by saying catalyst is a great company. i purchased this watch case for my apple watch series 1. when i got the watch case on june 22nd i immediately put the case on to try it out. after getting the case on i was trying out the buttons and to my surprise the wheel button took an incredible amount of force to get the button to activate the function. so i contacted catalyst via email and with in a few hours i had a rep replying back. he wanted me to try a few things and if they didn't help to then fill out an rma form. so after several days i put the new case on my watch and the crown works flawlessly. i'm able to press the crown with the lightest amount of pressure to get it to function. i am definitely one happy camper😊 also the case looks nice and is comfortable to wear.
i ordered my case for my series 1 almost a year ago. needless to say it was a great looking case after that - i’m pretty harsh when trying protective cases for my watch or phone.
i'm a blacksmith, and one of the main worries i had about forging with my (original) apple watch on was ingress of metal and silica dust. i've already killed the mic on it (no siri, no dictation) with perspiration, so i wanted to prevent anything worse happening, and just declined to wear the watch, missing all that activity data.
like other reviewers, i am not crazy about the quality of the band material. maybe more with the finish/surface.  aside from this, i have been in an ocean, gym, pool (many many times), rain, and yes even in hurricane harvey.  works as advertised and my watch is still working, and i would not hesitate to jump into any water, shower, e.t.c. with it.  did i mention countless showers after gym?  you have to wear it right to get the ​hertbeat sensor to do its thing.
i just received this case today and i have to say this is 100% what i was looking for. the case doesn't add much bulk and everything still works just like it did without the case on.
i’m a professional farrier, and finding products that can withstand the insane amount of day to day abuse that my jobs demands is a hard feat.  that said i now where my apple watch everyday when i’m horseshoeing.  i used to never wear it while working on the horses due to the almost guaranteed breakage.  i have zero concern of that occurring with the case.  it takes hits and shrugs them off like they never happened.  trust me when i tell you this case is worth every penny you spend on it.  amazing product!
this is a great tough case for your apple watch series 1. if you're like me, and you don't need all the bells and whistles of the new models, this will toughen up your watch. adding water resistance, and putting a nice buffer around the screen is awesome. the band/case is really bulky though. if you don't like big watches, you're not going to like this. i seriously dug the scifi look of it, and wear it when i'm gonna go on a hike or do something extra rugged, where i don't want to bang up my speedmaster. seriously good stuff. get one.
great watch band and case for the apple watch. gives good overall protection. it would have been nice if this came with protection for the screen as well. it does have raised bezel which offers some protection, but it would be nice to have a little more - it's the screen that gets damaged the most, after all. this watch does form a nice watertight seal, but i'm not sure i would trust it to go swimming.
great product!!!  this is my third catalyst watchband for my 1st generation iwatch.  i do not stick my watch underwater but occasionally it gets splashed.  never had a concern about the watch being protected.  this is a nice looking product to be sure.  the only concern i have with it is the small band used to hold the end of the watch band.  it slips around and the band comes out, leaving a “tail” that is annoying.  i have to reinsert the tail a handful of times each day.  i do not wear the band loose so i’m at a loss.  this has been an issue with the other two bands to the point the small band ends up tearing and i need a new complete band.  this is not enough to deter me from buying them again, being that i’ve bought 3 of them(lol).
so far so good.looks good feels good,fits well. have not tested the water proofing yet. the small rubber band with the catalyst logo which  holds the excess  around the long band  has split. emailed the company to try and get a replacement for it will  advise if they send a replacement. would have been a 5 if it did not split.
this has been a lifesaver!  i love this case!  i get so many compliments on it and i can wear my apple watch anywhere.  it is perfect for when i am in my pool and it stays protected from my two big dogs that like to swim with me.  if there were 6 stars i would give it that!  if you are a girly girl you may not like it because it does make the watch bulky but i never have to worry about it being in the water or getting chipped or cracked.
i've used at the beach, at the pool and at a river.  so far not a drop of water as gone inside the case.  great product for those who bought the first watch and don't feel like changing it just yet.
delivery and quality of case was great. looks just as the picture showed. very pleased overall.
i have worn this watch band during baseball practice, yard work, etc. it gets dirty, rinses off and works flawlessly. highly recommend it if you need a tough, nice looking, waterproof watch band. on a side note, i also own the iphone x catalyst waterproof case and it's fantastic!! great products!
overall, i think this is a great addition to the already impressive apple watch. the only qualm i've found is that i'll often activate one or both of the side buttons if i rock my wrist back. when looking through my photos, i have countless screenshots of the watch face. i think is due to the fact that the buttons have been extended out slightly (to provide the waterproofing separation)... honestly this drawback is not nearly enough of one for me to take the high quality catalyst case off.
this was a replacement for my lunatik waterproof watch case.  i like the fact that the band is silky smooth like the original watch band.  it was easy to install the watch with the one screw.  very nice that they include the screwdriver to remove the one screw.  overall, i like that it's light weight and it's waterproof.  nice case for the money.
i bought this because i am rough on watches, one of the main reasons i waited to get an apple watch, i did a repelling class with this on my watch, it got banged against rocks, rubbed against ropes and webbing.  it poured rain for 2 days and this case took a beating and my watch stayed safe and sound inside.
it is indeed waterproof. but it seems to reduce the watch's ability to track things like exercise. i bought it specifically to be able to track my swimming. but after 28 minutes of swimming laps it showed only 4 minutes of exercise. on another day about 12 min of swimming showed only 1 minute of exercise. not sure why it's so far off, but that makes it useless for me. :-(
i like the ease of installing the watch into the case. i like the fact that i no longer have to worry if i have my watch submerged in water to long. the wrist band is very comfortable and easy to get on and off.  the 1 set back is that the wrist band is a soft rubber and has a tendency to make it a bit difficult to to rotate on your wrist and catches on long sleeve shirts. with that said it is a very comfortable wristband because if that so i will deal with it.
i've been wearing this case with my apple watch for a while now. i wear to to work in an office as well as my weekend ranch work. it's indeed waterproof in a hot tub and shower. it protects the little computer from knocks and dirt as well as longhorn licks and dog slobber. i've worn it in 100+ degree weather digging post holes and while hammering in t posts. i'd go so far as to say that the apple watch with this case seems to be as durable as my g shock. that's anecdotal and not too scientific so your results may vary.
the catalyst case is very nice in appearance, the functionality is good  the resistance to the water is like they advertise, but the shock resistance is not too good to rated it  like a military grade, i'm in the military and the first one that i brought surfed a crack when the door vehicle hit the watch of course the case protect the watch that's was the reason to buy other.
it doesn't look at good at the lunatik epik case/band but it's good looking. and the fact that it's waterproof is awesome. best of all, you don't get that accidental crown pressing screenshots or siri activation that you do with the lunatik. that itself makes it worth it. soft band and great overall watch protection.
i have the series 1 42mm apple watch and it fit perfectly into this case.  i advice you take the time to test with the mock watch that comes in the box.  additionally, take the extra time when sealing your watch in the case to ensure the rubber housing has a proper seal to keep water out.
this is a good buy also, it doesn't take much to put together, except you will have to buy a front shield for the watch because the watch case is open in the front, and that is unexpected when you buy it.
never thought i'd get a case for my apple watch but i was looking for a change in look for my watch and i'm not disappointed. catalyst makes some quality cases and this is no exception. i have the polished chrome face and the case just makes it look black which was perfect for me. taking it out of the box it feels cheap, really cheap but it will keep your watch safe no doubt i take it surfing and bumped it around on rocks with no issue. the band is comfortable and easy to clean. i recommend this to anyone who likes the look of the case along with excellent waterproofing.
i like this case because i needed something to protect my watch from my encounters with doors, shelves and wall corners. this case provides the protection from dings and scratches while still looking good.
well, i've been worried about putting it in water, but i finally went swimming in it, and it still works! hooray! it is a little big on my wrist, but i kind of like the way it looks. it seems to protect really well from bumps and water.
great band if you do any kind of work that could possibly damage or break your apple watch. i have had this band for 7 months and i noticed it had started cracking at the set screw on the back from where i think i may have over tightened it.  i reached out to customer service and got a very prompt response.  after filling out their online claims document they have sent me a new band that was shipped very quickly. if you’re looking for a heavy duty band for your apple watch and want to feel comfortable in your purchase, this is the one!
up until this past weekend, i had been using the product as a normal case.  that all changed when i put the case through a spartan beast which involved swimming and mud in a mountainous setting.  not knowing how the case would protect my series 1 apple watch, i am very pleased to say that my watch was completely protected and is functioning just as it was prior to the beast.  if you are looking to make your apple watch series 1 waterproof (to a certain depth which is enough for swimming or any obstacle course race) as well as protect it cosmetically, this product is worth it.
apparently i got mixed up when ordering.  after looking st several different covers, this one stood out as he best i could find. however, it does not work for the series 3 apple watch. i’m giving a 5 star review because , after opening and discovering my mistake, it remains a very well made product. my only wish is that they made one for the series 3. thanks for the hastle free return. great company!
actually super impressed by this band. been out on a tractor all day and i was filthy dirt and so was my watch. sprayed myself and the watch and band off and it looked like it just came out of the box. no water issues leaking inside either. great band!!
my favorite band out of 5. i honestly didn’t like it as first but love it now. it’s a bit bulky and on mine, used one, the dial sticks some. but that could just be mine.
this case has allowed me to swim and use my iwatch (series 1) and still be track my calories and activities! many people are paying more for series 2-3 iwatch for the waterproof feature-- but this solved that problem for me! it came quickly and although i was nervous the first go around in the water, it worked like a charm! i'm already recommending it to others.
this is my second catalyst case for my apple watch original stainless steel.  i put my watch in one of these before i ever put it on my wrist, and switching to a new case after a year... it's like a brand new watch.  don't stop making these cases.
i like the look! it takes the sleek look of the watch and makes it look much tougher. i work with my hands every day and it has protected the watch from everything. i ware it while paddle boarding in the gulf, and have spent the day at the water park with no issues. i was unsure with the strap style because of the piece that holds the extra band always slides off and then the watch flaps crazy. this strap has a piece that sits in the bands hole to hold it in place. great buy
great case, very effective when i'm swimming lapse and working.  the only thing i don't like is that it takes a lot of effort to take it out of the case.  but, at least i know it's watertight and secure.
slim and waterproof hard to find with a apple watch band. i'm a farmer/mechanic/avid kayaker so i put my watch through a lot of abuse. that being said this watch cover has stood the test of diesel, oils, and water. i'm purchasing my third one over 2 years. the first finally became dingy enough, the second i made the mistake of over tightening the screw eventually leading to cracking of the case.
swimming, showering, snorkeling, and a lot of each.  just returned from a 8-day southern caribbean cruise and only took the watch off to charge when sleeping.  this case is awesome!  the only criticism is that i wish there was a smaller one that i could have bought for my wife's 38mm watch as well.
i love this for my apple watch, i just got back from vacation and it withstood all the punishment of surfing in the ocean to jungle excursions. the only problem is it will not charge on my apple watch stand.
so far it has stayed waterproof, and all functions work with the watch in the case, except pressing the winding stem in requires a lot of pressure.
great product! i highly recommend for anyone that wants to make sure their apple watch stays safe. great for anyone working in an industry with a high chance of damaging their watch.
this is an  amazing waterproof case that will give your apple watch the feel of a casio g shock watch . no need to upgrade for the 2nd generation of this watch , just get this case and you are good to go . call quality doesnt get affected by the case.
i ordered this for my husband to help protect his apple watch, and he loves it! he spends a lot of time on/around water and this case has done an awesome job protecting his watch. the case doesn't make the watch look bulky or obnoxious and it's not uncomfortable for him to wear all day.
haven’t submerged it yet but wear it at work doing construction. got this to protect from dust from concrete and drywall and by the end of the day i’m covered in it. the watch is perfectly protected so far. i wash it off in running water every day and no leaks detected. case is not as bulky as it looks in the photos and i was pleasantly surprised about the look and feel of it. my series 1 apple watch got an upgrade!
i am comparing this watch case to the lunatik version. i like on the catalyst that it’s sealed on the bottom. i use this watch everyday and working out cause a lot of sweat. with the lunatik it would get all build up in the case. i do not have this problem with the catalyst. i will say the clasp for the catalyst is not as good as the lunatik. both are good and durable but i prefer the lunatik clasp. overall this is a great case and does well.
works as advertised. been swimming with this at least 50 times with no issues. would definitely recommend this if you're all good to use it in the water.
good to have when wear in shower/pool. sits up a little high, not a great looking case as it's pretty simple and plain, but it's nice cuz can run any strap you want, as in a nato style, just covers up bottom though.
great band have used several times salt water fishing and swimming at the beach
provides great protection from sweat and jarring that comes with a very active lifestyle. product met my expectations upon delivery. i’ve worn it for several long runs & workouts and it has held up well. was a little worried about getting a good connection to my charger with the waterproof backing but have had zero issues. definitely recommend for those looking to protect their series 1 iwatch.
great case for series 1 apple watch.  have used it for surface swimming in the ocean and pool all summer without a problem.
best apple watch case ever
i love it! i got my apple watch for christmas last year and i love it, but the problem is that it's fragile and i tend to be fairly rough with technology. but this solves the problem! it's like a lifeproof case for my apple watch! i've yet to see how well it does in water, but the overall construction of the case seems very durable and solid and should fair no problems when being knocked around on a daily basis! thank you catalyst!
the only draw back is that its so bulky that my weights gloves hit the buttons. i think i have taken about 400 pics while lifting weights. waterproof rocks though as i swim daily and i have even dropped the watch into the pool on accident and it came up from about 10 feet sitting for about 30 minutes still working.
so far so good . used it for a 2 day lake trip worked out good . using it during work outs . seems to skip out on some workout minutes . makes apple watch look great . i get compliments on case . buttons work good so does the dial
the band and watch case are very comfortable.  only thing i don't like is that you have to use a screw/screw driver to open the case.  i generally wear my leather band on weekdays and this band on weekends.
for the first minute after opening the watch disassembling it was not the best but once i assembled it back onto my watch i loved it. good material very slick and thin not too bulky. i even go completed on the watch because they were shocked that it was an apple watch. i highly recommend this watch cover even if your watch is waterproof.
very durable and definitely worth the money! bought for my husband that is a marine. he works aviation with fluids and oils and such and has not had an issue with the case. also taken to the lake several times and is waterproof! after about 7 months he had an issue with it and the company is having no problem with sending him a brand new one! they stand behind their products! recommend 100%
this is a nice, rugged case for the apple watch. it adds a little bulk, but does a good job of protecting the watch.
if you are looking to completely waterproof your apple watch this is a must.  easy to put on, fits on the apple charger stand with no issues, and very durable!
with the minor complications with watch case they were able to help me with rapid response. catalyst was fantastic about understanding my situation and figuring out what to do next. i would 100% recommend to anyone that is looking to protect their phone or apple watch because they are a caring company and really appreciate their customers.
this is a great case for the watch. easy to install / feels the same in your wrist and keeps the watch from getting wet.
had a few trouble with the seal just have to be very careful when putting it together
certainly is waterproof.  spent the last 2 months using it in the ocean and pools.  haven’t test it in deep water but for the average person, this is perfect.  goes on fairly easy, i wouldn’t recommend constantly taking the case on and off just because of the tedious nature of screwing in the little screw.
if you're like me and don't read the entire product description, understand this does not encapsulate the watch.  the silicone boot does however overlap a screen protector if you use one.  every bit as comfortable as the watch band from apple.  i've only had it a couple weeks, so we'll see about the durability.
the watch band is very comfortable to wear.  it’s also good looking.
fits well over my husbands iwatch and doesn't make it too bulky.  seems like just the thing for sailing since his phone is always tucked away in a ziplock in the bow.
the plastic wristband takes a while to get use to but once you do it is amazing
great watch case and even better customer service. i needed a replacement after my first band started getting some wear and tear and they replaced it for me for free. very happy with my purchase.
this case works well, however the rubber retaining band to hold the excess strap bursted after 6 months of use
i bought this watch band so i could wear my iwatch during a warrior dash race. the race involved several water & mud obstacles. i was prepared to purchase a new watch if this didn’t work. it worked perfectly!! as you can see in the picture i wasn’t just a little muddy i was covered in thick sludge!
just recieved this case and it feels high quality. i havent seen any problems with it and the band is very comfortable and flexible. my only thought on it is that the crown cover makes it slightly harder to turn. over all great case! seems water tight.
purchased for my child’s apple watch. very durable and has allowed him to get his series 1 wet. great product!
i got this case about a month ago. i work construction and it has handled everything i have thrown at it. ripping out drywall, framing, hanging sheetrock, anything, not even a scratch. i was worried about taking it swimming, but it handled an hour in the pool with our boys like a champ. great buy!
swam with it once with my apple watch series 1 without a problem. i would have given 5 stars if the stainless steel didn’t scratch easily from the first day of use.
absolutely love this case! i testsed it out, per the instructions, and it it was sound. later that day i accidentally left my watch on while washing dishes, took everything apart to be safe & it was all good!
amazing accessory for the apple watch1! i was considering buying a new apple watch due to its waterproof aspect, but after trying this i’m literally extending the life of my series 1. i’ve been swimming and kitesurfing and it’s really delivered to it’s promises.
works great to protect watch for daily wear and tear.
i love this watch band. i was a little nervous at first, but it has been so nice to not worry about my apple watch getting wet.
purchased case after accidental drop broke crystal.  seems to be highly protective of watch, and waterproof is a plus protection from rain and wet in outdoor activities.  all buttons work as described.
awesome waterproof band!
bought this to go to costa rica, went swimming all day and just went through the rapids with this on and it’s still holding up! love this case, bought a new wrist strap for it and love it as well. this is a must buy!
great product seems to do everything they said it would and not as bulky as i thought it would be. i did submerge the watch under water just to see if it would leak and everything went good, no leaks!
great case! i take a shower, and even got in the ocean with my i watch on. great product. recommend to everyone.
i really like the way it was design and the fit on a 42mm apple watch. good product!
great product! i am confident about the protection from bumps and water that this case provides. the only complaint i have is that i wish it was easier to put on and take off.
so far so good.  it's waterproof and the watch still works like it should.
husband approves and ready for all his outdoor activities!
great but i don’t think my wrists are that big and it barley fits. i am only 2 notches in. i am 6’4” and weight 220. love the way it looks and the material the band is made of. doesn’t move around a lot and i thought it would look judge on me but it looks great.
love the band.
i'm a lap swimmer and average one half mile three times weekly and the case has worked perfectly for over two months now.  it also enhances the appearance of the watch and the strap is more secure than the standard strap.
the case has worked very well for me. i have worn it daily while swimming for the past month and it has kept the watch dry. it offers great all around protection. i changed the font color to green to match the dial which looks really nice. i definitely would buy it again.
amazing watch band so far. very comfortable and strong. i thought there would be a problem with the voice mic and speaker being slightly covered, but surprisingly no! works perfect!
have been swimming many times with no problems.  very comfortable with working out as well.
the case works really well and i would definitely recommend the product.
great product for great price, only thing is i wish it had a screen protector
purchased for my husband.  he scratched his watch so i got him this and it was perfect.  fits well and protects his watch.
i bought this to protect my watch during a tough mudder. it lasted through the whole thing in cold rain, mud, ice water, and getting smacked a few times in falls. very impressed with this case.
i am an avid hiker and needed a rugged case for my watch that could also seal it from water to be water proof as opposed to water resistant. the catalyst met all expectations!!!
looks great, wears great, great deal!
great case/band for the apple watch. i like to use it as a backup to my apple band. would buy it again anytime!
i bought this to use on vacation in the bahamas. i was worried about the saltwater but once i saw how great it was in the pool i didn’t worry at all. absolutely worth every dollar i spent.
looks awesome thank you😎👍👍
my husband is very active. i needed a quality product that would protect his watch as well as waterproof. so far this is a great investment. it was easy to install and he really likes the color.
ordered this one used and it workin like a champ. i use it everyday on my workouts and also shower with it. works great:)
i really like this case i wear it every day and it’s great. the company is really great also i had a small tear in one part of the case. i told them about it and they made it right for me. this is a great company
very comfortable no issues at all.
looks great, and works as advertised.
it actually holds up pretty well, i don't like the fact that it doesn't come with an included front protection for the screen, but still it does pretty well just as is.
works as advertised very rugged
ok
i’m am very rough on watches and their bands. i’m constantly replacing one or the other. since i switched to catalyst i don’t have to worry about it anymore. catalyst really can take a beating.
do my laundry and forgot it was in my pocket and accidentally put it through the washing machine with my watch in it. completely worked the same after. i’m also a lifeguard and i’m always jumping in the water with it. it has held up really well so far.
i never worry about my watch anymore i leave it on 24/7. i'm an active person so it fits my lifestyle but doesn't get in the way at the same time.
the first one i got broke when i tried to put it on my watch so i applied for a return. my money was credited back to my card almost immediately. i then purchased it one more time and it is perfect. i am very happy with this purchase! highly recommend this product and the company is amazing at customer service!
great item great price great service
works great, great protection. i was going to the caribbean and i worried about my apple watch(stainless steel) and the saltwater. electronics and saltwater don't usually mix.  i went swimming, snorkeling  and just hanging out in the ocean for at least 6+ hrs, not a problem or hesitation. very well made product. the bezel may or may not rotate from time to time but you can always just swipe the screen.  added bonus - it makes your apple watch incognito and most don't recognize it. so it cuts down on random questions about it,
great case
the waterproof case exceeded my expectations. the only flaw is you can scratch the band. i just colored the spot  with permanent black marker and you can't tell. i have been swimming, showered and briefly in the ocean. i recommend this case for your apple watch!
my husband loves it.  it makes the apple watch more rugged looking and offers great protection.  (he is always banging his hands around)
love the product!
not the most attractive watch, but definitely did the job as advertised for me.  i went through a summer of swimming and kayaking with the catalyst case and my apple watch is running beautifully!
so far so good, bought it to protect my apple watch when swimming laps at the pool
this product is exactly as they explain.. perfect for water protection and looks great on your watch.
great watch case/band and truly waterproof. it can handle the rough work environment. but, after weeks of wear, there’s a crack on the silicone case part, so it’s no longer waterproof.
the only and i mean only downfall of this product is the push-pin connectors that hold the band on. after being used to the apple band which is pretty sturdy. i bought the cover for the waterproof section anyhow and if i lose a push-pin at least it's easy and cheap to replace the band and pins.
a bit bulky, but good value.
great product, fast shipping. works perfect for me, and doesn't make the watch bulky at all. thank you catalyst for a durable and dependable product.
it was easy to assemble and worked like a champ!!
so far, it has worked as advertised. we still do not have it lined up perfectly with the silicone sleeve and the outer case, seems almost impossible to get it with no problem.
excelente
works well
i wish the side buttons were black instead of orange.  i also would like a shorter band.  it works great in the water!
was a bit hesitant but this works great and is high quality.  surf with it daily and it’s been great!
not a bad product. has held up well for me for months. only downside is the added bulk but you get used to it pretty quick
best case so far. it really is scratch proof and it makes the watch look more athletic, especially on a guy's wrist.
haven’t put my apple watch in the band yet, but like the look and did the water test..so far so good.  should be using it next week
best protection for your apple watch worth the money i bought 2
good product
a quality product with a quality feel from the moment you unbox it. the silicone band is very comfortable and the overall feel is great!
great case. lost one star because the band has snapped off one time, which was unexpected but other than that it has been everything i've been looking for.
great fit. had it a week so far and already has a few sacrificial scratches on the case and still waterproof. this is my 3rd one. i am very hard on them so i don’t mind replacing them when they break. they are outstanding
yard work, swimming etc no problems
so far so good. passed the pre-test for waterproof.
excellent product and service from catalyst. would continue buying their products in the future.
awesome!! arrived before estimated arrival date and is very comfortable. very happy!
this was a great purchase. i bought it for my husband because he is in the construction industry and it has protected his watch. he even got in the shower with the watch and had no water damage. we definitely recommend this product to apple watch owners.
my boyfriend loves it. he hasn't taken it off since i got it for him. he works in al kind of conditions and weather. this is really great for him. works awesome.
fits perfect. very comfortable.
works great! delivered on time, very happy. although after having it for a month it broke! i'm so upset, the plastic case broke while i was swimming. i wish it had lasted longer because i really liked it.
i really love this watch band. easy to get set up and seems to be built well so far.
great case
got it and love it! easy to install
it often triggers siri while wearing it, which runs the battery down quickly. other than that, it's amazing.
great product!!!! would recommend
amazing product. feels comfortable on hand, perfect size and works perfectly.
loved the case when it held my watch. then the buckle on the band fell off. i contacted support to see if that was covered or if i could purchase a new one. while waiting for a response i took my watch out of the case so i could wear it and when removing the little screw that holds the case together it removed the section that it screws inside the case. i didn't force it or over tighten it. just unscrewed with a crunching sound. when support got back to me i explained what had happened and i didn't get a response, i waited a week and contacted them again and still no response.
awesome product!
loved this product! it does exactly what it is supposed to do and it looks great at the same time!
nice product
easy installation and great looking
amazing buy
protects everything but the screen.. bulky.. but does its job to protect from water and dust
like that it’s waterproof.
the cover is wonderful and my warch looks nice i have a big hand and i dont like the tiny little apple watch!! so this is great for me !!
awesome product and awesome price! definitely recommend!
i'm liking the watch case. i've been mixing up the colors with my other watch case. i wish they had other colors for the series 1 apple watch.
i love the case. thought it would be more bulky than it actually is. great protection for my iwatch investment.
works great but i can’t use phone on watch now
awesome product
awesome product!  looks cool, works great!!
husband loves it and uses it for swimming.
awesome
suits my needs !!!!
my brother loves the gift. he said he banged it on a wall and it didn’t mess up.
i was worried everyone said theirs had broke etc... i love it i treat it nice and it has not given me one issue yet please ignore the idiots they obviously don't take care of it.
absolutely waterproof!
completely waterproof.  i coach swimming and teach swim lessons.  no issues.  it does add bulk but i expected that.
great band for a great price.
not heavy, very protective, cool look.
exactly as described
well worth the investment !!!!!
so far so good
the case is really good i took it snorkeling and it held up really well.
it's all i use now. mountain bike, road bike, running, it's my new watch. ✌️😉
i love it so much i am goin to order one more best case ever good protection for you're watch
great product. only thing i don't like is it a little big but other than that it great use it everyday.
just what i was expecting.
case fits great and the fit and finish is fantastic. no complaints from me.
great quality, best prices...
perfecto
excelent
nice
i like it so far.
realy good material. it arrived on time an in a excelent condition
installed this band and it looks like a new watch!
love the case.
great product!!! super good merchandise
needed
great product!! i'm not afraid to wear my watch now!!
i like it very durable and stylish
it did what it's supposed to do the band is a little small but usable
we tried numerous other brands and this one has been the best by far!!!!
i love it
well worth the money. i will be buying the phone case next!
nice. protects fully.
great price!
i bought this waterproof band/cover for my trip to the north atlantic to protect myself from sand and salt water. for two weeks i was body surfing, build sand castles, swimming, and floating in the water everyday.  i'd took 2 showers a day in addition to the beach abuse and my watch works great.  secretly i feel the applewatch is water proof based on other videos and feedback; however this band gave me some peace of mind that i wouldn't need to replace my watch.  the whole inside has been dry and free of dust, salt or sand. i definitely recommend this product to others who would like to track swimming activity or just would like to enjoy the beach or pool without worrying. i am also still wearing the band until summer is over so i don't have to switch it depending on my activities. hope you all enjoy.
that’s awesome
excellent quality
the product does it job and keeps the watch safe!!
it is perfect.  stylish.  and fits to a t
it works as advertised.
very sturdy looks nice and sleek.
the best case
works great ! swimming, shower everything!
very durable and works surprisingly well in the water.
if you have a active life this case is for you.
thanks.
it really does the job of protecting your watch.
i really like it
good!
so far it held up beautifully to both fresh and sea water, including extended exposure during long swims. digital crown will fight you slightly but works as it should.  i have no issues with either charging or heart rate monitor. pay attention to installation instructions and you won't be disappointed.
awesome product!
i love it!
i love it.
awesome
very light n good
ok
perfect !!
i like it
perfect
protect my apple watch when i do a physical job
i would have loved the product if there was a disclaimer that informed you not to charge the watch with the case on, as the silicon back will tear. now, because the silicon tore, my watch is no longer waterproof, and is now useless. however, the company had no problem sending me another silicon sleeve, which was great.
nice fit and gives a good protection
i was worried that this would be too bulky or goofy looking on my wrist. i was wrong. while it is larger, it has a good feel and look (i'm a 6' tall guy... not sure how it would look on a small wrist). i've only had it a short time, but it was able to hold up just fine to a bunch of bumps, hits, and water from an week long amusement park trip.
i absolutely love this case. im in the military and also do a lot of mud runs, this case will be perfect to keep mud and water out, so i can still utilize the heart rate monitor.
great look and feel!  many compliments on this band. the white face guard does not get dirty as you might expect with white. the band has a thickness that feels like it will not wear out. but the main reason i bought this case/band is because it's waterproof!  i love that i can shower and swim with it and not feel stressed out about its durability with water pressure. i love to stand up paddle and never stress about falling in the water and getting it wet or even if i happen to swim about 2-3 feet underwater. this was such a great buy i want to buy the other colors as well. get it!  you won't be disappointed!
was just as expected
i've been wanting to go swimming with my apple watch since day 1. this case is awesome for instances where i go underwater as well as working around the house where liquid might accidentally splash on it.
this is legit .. if you are going to buy a watch case where you will never have to worry about it getting destroyed by water damage .. i suggest this one.  it's amazing
great product
received wrong color, i received all black instead of the black with orange side buttons. besides the mishap i used it instead, very pleased with the product. i work in the oil field an i cover it in oil, diesel an brake cleaner on the daily basis an it still stands up. beaten, battered an abused it's holding up nicely !!
awesome case definitely worth the money.
haven't tested to see if it's claim to be water proof stands up,but the assembly was very easy.also held up while playing tennis.
completely protects watch but the soft rubber irritates my skin, that's not the band's fault, i love it otherwise. rain, sleet, snow is the only water i've been exposed to in the winter and its flawless. i've smacked the watch against a lot of stuff at work by accident and it's not got a scratch on it thanks to catalyst! you guys got this one absolutely right !
best investment i made in along time. as a daily beach goer i need some kind of case so my watch wouldn't drown. now if they make one for the 38 mm watch the rest of the apple watch beach goers would be happy swimmers too.
great product.  i don't know where the bad reviews come from?  i have not had any issues and i beat mine up with work and 3 kids.
this is an excellent product! it's light, yet durable and was relatively easy to put on with the directions. seller sent out item very quickly. all went great with this transaction.
amazing for the apple watch
my son loves it!
this is exactly what i've been looking for!!! this is an amazing product and if your looking for complete protection look no further.
great watch investment, to cover apple watch ,  quality is great and service was quick and reliable.  thanks
very good case. work around water all day and never have to worry about water damage
🔝!
excellent!!! much better than the other brands that's look alike but are a little cheaper.
love it!  nice knowing my iwatch will not get damaged
great case...the tiny screw issue should be addressed
as advertised
alright let me start by putting the reviews to rest that claim install is difficult...all cases catalyst, epik-lunatik all seem to get a bad rap for install being hard. there solid/ aftermarket cases and install depending on case takes no longer than 2-4 minutes to install for the solid protection they provide. this case is pretty simple..water test for 1/2 hr & dry off. remove screw, push center ( case separate's) place watch body in water tight gel case, place front cover on while making sure seal is good, snap on rear cover & install screw-done!  that's install to a t! i had the epik lunatik prior which i really liked, but the catalyst is a little more compact and feels way lighter on arm. ( barely notice watch / band weight.) band is very comfortable, no rash issues of the sort ( depends on person?). all functions work perfect, no crown issues, works smooth, actually like it's not as sensitive as my lunatik ,was way to sensitive.  you can install case w/ or w/ out a screen protector ( my application has an armour shield)
i'd give it 5 stars if it weren't for the fact that the very comfortable silicone band is a lint magnet.  it's somewhat like those silicone lint rollers.  you can rinse the bands right off and they look like new, but a little time and the lint easily returns.  but i can live with that given that the band is more comfortable and offers a slight stretchiness that seems better suited for athletics than the stock apple band.
i bought this case as soon as it came out for my 42mm 1st gen iwatch and have not been disappointed since. in fact i bought the matching iphone 6+ case as well.
i was looking at the lunatik brand version-which maybe looked more high end. but early reviews of that were not making me happy. so i bought this catalyst. i live a pretty active, not fancy life style. what i mean is that i swim in beaches and pools and do other active stuff. really happy about the protection this case affords. i also like that it makes the watch look a bit more rugged. but, i suppose if you have a fancy dinner or business meeting it looks fine, you just have to decide whether it is up to your sartorial standards. it is probably not that difficult to take the watch out of this case and swap bands etc. so far though i have just kept it in the case.
seems to keep water out, which is the main point.  heartrate sensor and charging work fine, as do the digital crown (stupid name) and the multipurpose button.  the (tiny, tinny, low-volume) apple watch speaker works as well as it does without the case, and the apple watch microphone works as well as it does without the case.
this apple watch case is amazing. it does the shock of protecting the watch from water, dirt and dust. the screen is exposed and has no protection, which isn’t bad since apple watch screen is pretty tough. after having it for 6-7 months and having close moments. it only acquired three scuffs. the only downside is that if you overtighten the bolt in the back might crack but it still does the job.
had the case for just at a week now. really like it. the buttons work very easily. the scroll when is a little harder to turn but expected since it is in a water proof layer. fitment is very snug and doesn't look like any water can get in. the band is nice as well. makes the watch look bigger and i like that.
awesome case/band! it feels great and i feel like my watch is protected with this quality item.
sent this to my son for his birthday. he loves it!
fast shipping, item works as decribed
excellent product
excellent.. functions exactly like i'd hoped and arrived earlier than promised!
there are supposed to be replacement screws inside the dummy watch that comes with the case.
this is not a fake reveiw this thing is mind blowing go underwater nothing to worry about
i've had this case now for nearly two months.  as far as i can determine, the case performs as advertised.  fortunately for me, i've had no issue with the watch band coming loose from the case.
i have been using the catalyst waterproof case for my apple watch for over a week, and i like it more every day.  i had tried 5 wearables previously that i could use for swimming, but there were problems with all of them once i used them in the water.  but then i found this product.  now i am able to wear my apple watch from the time i get up in the morning to when i put it on its charger late in the evening, and it records all of my activity whether i am swimming, walking, or workouts.  my watch works better than any other wearable that i tried.  if you are interested in using it to record data for swimming, it records swimming laps as "steps taken".  the workout app works in the pool, too,  but i find that the timing is a little off, but all of the wearables that i tried had the same problem.  i can access the screens on my watch while i am in the water which allows me to check my time, steps, and heart rate.  and all of this can happen because my watch is protected by this case.  the charger works well with the silicone portion of the case, and the overall construction of the case is strong and provides me with the protection i was seeking.  the only drawback (which is only slightly inconvenient) is that the strap is very long and the silicone holder for the strap slides while i am swimming.  i have an average wrist so if someone has a small wrist, this might be more of a problem.  overall, i believe totally in this product and am very glad that i purchased it.  i would highly recommend it for someone who wants to wear their apple watch while doing water activities and still get the protection needed for such a high cost piece of technology.
this is all you need to know: i was at a picnic recently and reached inside a tub of cold water with my watch hand that was encased in this band.  it wasn't in there more than 5 seconds but it was completely submerged, and passed the test with flying colors.
i love this case, it fits great and there is plenty of room on the band for my wrist. i'm 6'1 240lbs and i use the third hole on the band.  it ads a little bulk but it feels like the watch is better protected. i drive a truck and a forklift and i have banged the watch around and so far so good. i also bought a tempered glass screen protector and fits great. it's gotten wet a few times in the rain and there was no water getting past the rubber casing. making phone calls with the rubber case is also not a problem, the sound is good. i would recommend this case. i wish i would have bought this a while ago.
this is turning out to be a great product for any person that may expose their apple watch to submersion in water.  although made entirely of plastic, the case seems sturdy and looks like it can take some abuse.  i have not been able to test the integrity of it's durability as i have not dropped or hit anything when using this case (intentional or not).  it's incredibly easy to put this thing on and secure (screw) it in place.  i commonly put this case on when i'm out fishing, as i can avoid taking out my iphone from a securely stored place on my person.  i was also able to take a call on my apple watch with no serious audio issues or them hearing me.  the band is really soft and comfortable.  although soft, it does not tend to stretch.
not too bulky, very comfortable, easy to put on and take off, and you can charge your watch with the case on despite the waterproof silicon cover on the back (or whatever it is). exactly what i needed. i put it through a good test in the pool and the ocean. i've taken it off and put it back on several times. as long as you keep the silicon/rubber cover in good condition, you should be fine. the only thing to be careful about is that the screw that secures the case is very small and easily lost if it falls on the floor. be careful!
so far so good. i didn't read the complete instructions and assembled the watch without doing the water test. once i did the water test with the dummy watch, all was good. (don't throw the dummy/test watch away they contain extra screws and you may have to conduct a water test again if you happen to drop the watch, as per instructions)  i doubt i'll do rigors water activities, not that i don't trust the product, i just needed the protection as a law enforcement officer for when i'm caught out in the rain or get into a physical altercation. the only downfall  that worries me is the silicone rubber on the back and over time it seems it will break and or dry rot. but i will see!
best case ever! already a deployment to iraq and kuwait, ocean swimming, jumping from helicopters into the ocean, jet skiing, parasailing and wake boarding and not once has my watch ever fallen off or stopped working.. i just wished i could get more of the silicon insert and knobs in different colors other than that awesome!!
this is my 2nd catalyst case for my apple watch and they are definitely worth it. at this price i couldn't pass it up. i work in a face pace environment and can easily hit your wrist into things possibly damaging the watch but not with the catalyst case. it's a small investment versus buying a new unit!
i purchased green pop 42mm  case. i love the case, and swam four times - swimming 700 yds. per swim. the app i use is swim.com. no worries with wet fingers, because the app uses the pressure sensitive feature of the watch to stop and save the workout. it works perfectly with the watch "rings".
the best waterproof case for the apple watch! i tested it for 3 weeks, ocean diving, snorkeling, jetskiing, pools, slides, the test was successful. looking to getting another case for the watch and a catalyst for my iphone.
i thought this was way too expensive; however, my husband loves this band. he finally felt comfortable enough to wear his apple watch to work without worrying what would happen to it if it got wet or dirty or took a bit of s beating. it also looks very masculine and transforms the look of the apple watch. my husband has no complaints about this watch and the use of it. so with that said, i’d say it’s worth the money.
update:  they sent me a new case  plus one for a friend. the case went on flawless. customer service contacted me and informed me they would like to send me one plus another for a friend. plus they would stand by their product. it took a few days to arrive. and wow!  i had no problems what do ever. i'm giving them five starts just for thier customer service contacting me.
this case is amazing! i unsure at first because the design looked cheap. i got the watch in the mail and it delivered the goods. the watch has been in the shower, pool, and in water environments. there is no water in my apple watch and it still effectively tracks the heart rate and calories burned. i am extremely impressed with this product and would suggest it to anyone who needs something to protect the watch from water and the elements.
so this case is made for me . i'm a guy allways doing stuff and knocking in to things along with the fact i wash my hands all day and don't like water getting u set my watch case . it works perfect all the hr functions work well . the dial is a bit different to spin and not as easy but u can't have all the protection and nothing change ! yes get one it's worth it !!
all in all it’s the best protective case that i’ve found. it’s a little bulky, and it doesn’t look quite as sleek as the apple watch without a case, but it does a great job of protecting the watch. nearly right after i got the case i tripped up the stairs and hit my wrist pretty hard on concrete, and the case held up and my watch wasn’t damaged at all. the customer service with this company appears to be top notch as well, i’ve received two emails from the company, one thanking me for my order and another checking to make sure i was satisfied. all in all, this is a very good purchase.
awesome watch case for apple watch series 1. packaging is professional and shows quality. case is well made, nice rubber band, and precise. watch fits, charges, and functions 100%. i had been wanting one for awhile and when this came up on amazon deals it was a steal under $20. would recommend to any apple watch user. you won't be disappointed with it.
excellent watch case. i actually prefer the look with this added than the apple watch as is. it’s more masculine and looks sportier. the wrist strap is not as easy as the original of course but i still prefer this look. i would wear it even without the waterproof protection.
i never write reviews. i accidentally left my watch on the hood of my wives car today when i got home from work(got preoccupied taking out the trash)  as we drove away it flew off the car going 45 mph hit the ground and was ran over by the car behind me. of course the case is ruined but the watch was completed unharmed! best case ever! saved me a iwatch and i will be ordering as soon as it is back in stock.
this case did a wonderful job standing up to all the underwater stuff i do in my 60 min hydro class!! touch screen worked, calorie counter worked and stayed fastened. i give this two thumbs up!! i was underwater alot and it seems to carry on! i'll follow up after next weeks class with an update.
i was so afraid to use it and damage my apple watch.  i used twice with the dummy and no trouble, so then i used it with the apple watch and its working fine so far. great product. like the style and rubber.
i accidentally tested this out when i forgot to remove my watch when in the shower. if you're thinking of getting an apple watch, you can save a few hundred dollars by simply getting an older model and this case. works like a charm!
absolutely awesome, feels good, fits good and great protection for the true working person. i just wish they made one for the 38mm so i could protect my wife's watch, she's brutal on things!!
tough case. a bit bulky for my small wrist. but does exactly what i ordered it to do. protect my watch. i recommend buying a tempered glass protector for the watch face to go with this catalyst case.
bought this for my husband's watch, and it fits the watch great. apparently, he has submerged it in water and it protected as it is supposed to do. he's bumped it, whapped it on walls, dog bit it and the watch still seems to be doing fine. no marks on the band or watch. the band fits like a charm and still has room to go. i personally thought it had a cover for the actual watch screen, but it does not. which is fine because it still works great.
i have been looking for a "manlier" watch band for my apple watch because apple's included silicone band looks a bit too dainty on my wrist. i first purchased a lunatik epik case / band. this is a fine product that is well made, but the band was just not quite big enough to comfortably fit my wrist. so this was a concern when purchasing the catalyst band. i am very pleased with this band. it fits well and the strap itself is quite comfortable. it (the band portion) is made from a soft silicone rubber, much like apple's stock straps. and the catalyst has the added benefit and protection of a waterproof case. this is a well made, great looking product.
overall it seems like a decent case. i literally just opened the package so i may need to update later. the band seems very comfortable, it seems to seal the watch well and was easy to put together. downsides so far, the plastic case seems cheap.....not saying it isn’t effective just feels cheap and the box when delivered looked like it was tampered with but no issues with box contents.
like most people the apple watch is a “want” not a need. i wanted an apple watch for some time, and i finally got me one. now i did my research on this wonderful little gadget, and like all of us who pondered pebble vs the apple watch we all noted the same thing, waterproof. the apple watch is not water proof. i have a lifeproof case on my i6 which has done wonderfully so i did a google search for “water proof case for apple watch” and sure enough this case came up in that search as number 1. when i searched on amazon, i became excited due to the fact i am all about the amazon faries coming to see me. when i saw this case, i knew this was what i was going to get when i finally made the choice to get my coveted apple watch. i am pleased over all with it but there is a dark fact you need to know.
awesome case, it's thin but still can take a beating. the water proof part is a plus. i have submerged it in sink water, bath water, washing machine, and while washing my hands. the case protected the watch perfectly. i have watched reviews on the watch for people even scuba diving.
great watch case! every feature of the watch works perfect and it looks super good! i haven't been underwater yet, but i can tell it will definitely keep any kind of quick dunk away from your watch. it's basically a condom for your watch. nothing covers the screen. then a big plastic box snaps around that.
love this cover. the only thing i wish it was solid dark black with red knobs. it works great with the iwatch. hopefully i look forward to seeing an all black one in the future. it makes the watch somewhat waterproof and is pretty nice overall.
this has been a great facelift to my old watch, no need to get a 3. i have the latest updates and now strong waterproof case and comfortable band.
i have been wearing it in the pool. my apple watch remained dry inside. it also keeps the dust out.
i do like the case enough to give it 4 stars but i will say that i thought the buttons were red but they are actually orange and this is my second catalyst band and i wish the band was a few holes longer as i have larger wrist and i am on the second to last hole on the band.
this watch case is pretty dope. keeps my watch nice and snug inside with loads of protection. there is a silicone membrane inside of the case for shock absorbsion and to keep the electronics water tight. i have no complaints so far. im new to the whole smart watch game. i have been a dedicated casio g-shock wearer for 15+ years. i am extremely hard on my watches. so far the catalyst case has met my expectations and been working like a champ. it is extremely comfortable and i don't even notice it's on my wrist. it looks very clean and masculine without being too bulky. there are only two "cons" that i will note. one is that it does not include a screen protector. because of the waterproof membrane that gets cinched down when you screw the case shut, it does the job of waterproofing without being fully enclosed. it leaves the existing screen exposed. i had a zagg hd clear screen protector installed before throwing it into the catalyst case. this will ease my worries of banging the screen. my number two con is the strap. it is an amazingly comfortable strap made from a beefy soft rubber/plastic material. that said, it collects dust particles on the rubber. i just use a cloth or paper towel to wipe it clean. one last good note that i was not expecting. there is a "dummy" plastic apple watch pre installed inside of the silicone membrane right out of the box. if you pop open the dummy case it contains two extra closure replacement screws. not that i will ever need them, but it's nice to have them in case the current screw becomes stripped or loosens and gets lost. so do not throw away the dummy watch or the included screwdriver. i have not tested the waterproof feature yet other than washing it under the sink. it is still winter time. i'll update this in the future once i get a few river trips in this spring or summer. if you are on the fence about this watch case/strap combo, don't be. it's amazing and comfortable.
my husband ordered this for vacation and has not taken it off!  it's a nice case and he wears his watch more knowing it's more secure.
this iphone watch case surprise me. at first, i thought that it would be cheap. when it arrived and i open the package i was taken back with how sturdy it was at first  glance. after applying it on my watch i found out how well it fit and the look that it gave my 42mm iphone watch. will i  recommend this , yes.
great if you work around water and have the older version of the apple watch.  also great for durability and helping to avoid dings or scratches if you are working in an environment that could cause this.
went through a rainstorm with no damage or leaks to my watch. good product.
bought this for my husband and he loves it! would definitely purchase again!
my wife loves it!  i put it on in about 10 minutes and we have gone to the beach several times with no issures.
phenomenal case!  excellent quality!  totally waterproof. great job catalyst!  i would definitely buy this case again! easy to install. follow the instructions and you can't go wrong.
love my watch, hated wearing it for work. i'm an hvac tech and can be hard on watches. now with this case i have zero worries about wearing my watch. great protection, rugged looks and keeps it completely sealed when i'm caught out in the rain while working up on a rooftop. will definitely buy from seller again but i don't think the case i have now will ever give me a reason to need another one!
product packaging was excellent. directions sufficient. product as advertised. going to river this weekend so we'll see how it does underwater
works well, does make it harder to charge sometimes...
bought as a gift for my husband he loves it!! it fit nicely great quality exactly what he wanted
looks great and works great. i have worn my apple watch in the pacific and in swimming pool with this cover and so far so good.
great protection for the apple watch ⌚️...went snorkeling in the galapagos and had no problems
great case. protects the watch perfectly. only wish the case strap connectors were the same as the watch itself. it would make the product more customizable.
the case fits my apple watch perfectly and it looks good.  it is comfortable to wear. i bought it more for protection from dust than water but it did not keep the apple watch dummy dry when i tested it.  i would recommend it
quality good love it.
excellent i recommend them very responsible
excellent product!
excellent and quick service. product looks great!!
best you can buy.  provides excellent protection at a great price.
the product is good. i would purchase another one if they devoloped  glow in the dark for a series 1.
got this case for water rides at an amusement park. it worked really well, the only thing i didn’t like was that it is a little bulky.
fantastic case, water doesn't get in i basically never take it off unless it's to charge
works great my husband loves it.
as described!
must have. nice styling. if you don't buy this you miles not wear the watch. it will save you watch.
great
this product is the answer to protecting your apple watch when you are involved with water sports or or racquet sports.  i kayak in the ocean with my watch thanks to this case. get one ifyou need one you will be glad you did.  if not wait until you break the bezl then get one.,....
only for v01
the band is very comfortable and the case still allows good functionality with the touch screen. the size of the button allows for my hand to press the button and trigger siri sometimes which is my only knock.
good
this case is awesome. definitely recommend to anyone who needs a sturdy case for the watch like me
worked great until the band started to wear within about 8 months. also the little screw on the back will rust and become a pain to remove. i still would buy another one just because it really does protect the watch.
very durable. been banged on corners of walls and submerged in tubs of water. don't have to worry about my appel watch.
this watch case fit my new watch and my large wrist perfectly.  i added a screen protector and the gasket still seals tightly around the face.  the sound quality was a concern, due to some hearing deficits i have, but the audio is crystal clear and the microphone picks up with no issues.  i work in a busy emergency room and i wanted a case that would protect my investment and allow me to clean the watch easily;  this case delivers in both areas.
nice watch case a little bulky
love this case!
just great
amazing
luv it ... it has no front screen protector built in.. that's the only fkaw
this is definitely great product, it is kind of upgrade my serial 1 to 2 for swimming purpose.
love this band.  not afraid to wear my apple watch now.  well protected!
i really didn’t know if this case was actually worth the 70 bucks but i do now. i have swam, kayaked with it on and no problems! great waterproof cover.
love it. just need to take it off to put on my charging station
so far this case has held up well.  no leaks, and the band is very comfortable.  styling is sharp and professional.
case and instructions were clear while i haven't dunked my apple watch in water yet it does make me feel that it's more protected especially from accidental water ie putting hand in the sink
good product and fast delivery
works and fits great, honestly the only reason why i bought another one is because the silicone piece tore on my old one, so yeah now i have two.
this is great now i can swim with my apple watch and track my calorie burn while doing laps
i was waiting to review it until after having used it everyday diving for lobsters in florida.  that's right! diving for  caribbean spiny lobsters. i dove about 10' deep with my apple watch in the catalyst wristband.
works great. looks great
best cover.  i took it swimming in the gulf, pools and no problems
gift for my brother who is a mechanic, spills oil on it and still works fine. looks just as pictured.
great
taking of the screws started to strip the little screw that was holding it together so needed to use a different screw driver.  otherwise once on seems to be very good.
this is a great case for apple watch. love the color scheme.👍🏿
worked as publicized.  pretty happy with it.  it was a little bulky though.
awesome product, works perfectly, completely waterproof and shock resistant, as advertised.
keeps my watch from getting ruined. i can rinse it off when i am done working.
best apple watch case by far!
works great for a water ski instructor. it has no leaks and the strap is very secure.
so happy i bought it.
item arrived on time and just as described- no problems
awesome band
excellent. works exactly as advertised
good value
fits watch great little tough to get seal perfect but it does seal up nice.  wife said looks kinda like the kids toy watch. feel the watch is well protected
meet all requirements to make swimming and diving.
not bad. it's gets the job done although the quality doesn't seem to be worth the price. i like the product over all though
excellent quality to protect my apple watch!! fast shipping! thank you!!
great item! had since the summer. wear it to work all the time. keeps my i watch safe.
highly satisfied
really impressed by this case. ever since i got it, i've never used my apple watch without. only wish they'd come up with more colors/designs.
works great while swimming laps
this works well. i. work around water most of the day . and it has kept it nice & dry with no problem .
protects apple watch well, not the fanciest case but it does what it is supposed to do
great
the best watch protecter wish i had an extra😔
on time
i purchased this for vacation, as we would be spending a lot of time on and in the water.  it came with easy to follow instructions, and i tested the product with the dummy watch first to make sure there were no leaks in the case.
i never see watch catalyst waterproof it’s nice
good case
turn your apple watch in a waterproof watch.
best apple watch case i ever bought.
works great. swam with it today. i've also kayaked with it. no problem so far.
it's really good!
great product
this is a great solution to waterproofing your 1st gen apple watch. the instillation is easy and simple. the watch band is very comfortable and has a metal clasp for superior durability. the crown adjuster and side button work flawlessly. the crown rotates with some resistance making it less likely to spin inadvertently whiche working out etc. it should be know, the case easily installed over a screen protector.
item was great!
helpful but bulky
works great
its nice i love it
i have had this watch case for about a month and so far i am impressed. it adds a lot of protection without much bulk.  i have not had the chance to swim with it but it has been wet and the watch is fine. it still looks like an apple watch but gives it an unique look. the side buttons do not always respond with the case in it but it is not that bad. overall i like this case and would recommend it.
love it!
works perfect.!
i love my case.
met expectations (which are high). no issues with water damage or impact.
product is durable, comfortable provides good protection without hindering the capabilities of the watch.
just great
love this case
excellent buy. look amazing
very good product so far. i'm happy with the look and function of the watch band.
it works great
very nice addition to my apple watch
i bought this case to protect my apple watch (1) and make it waterproof. for this need, the case does not disappoint. the watch was completely protected, even in some pretty rough situations. and the watch was completely waterproof, whether i wore it in the shower or while swimming, etc. the main drawbacks are putting this case on the watch, making sure that it's on correctly so the watch is waterproof, and then the extra size that this creates on the watch. i have a relatively big wrist, so this isn't uncomfortable, but i will sometimes accidentally hit the button when moving my hand back, etc.
good stuff and seems reliable. has yet to test it out in the water tough 😅
the catalyst case for the apple watch was pretty nice for water proofing the watch. would have been nice if it could have been made of more premium material to go along with the apple watch stainless steel instead of being plastic. i had people thinking the watch was plastic but it did work for waterproofing thats what mattered definitely not for style seems more like an activity kind of case
i got nearly 18 mo occassional use out of this watch case before it cracked, likely due to the trouble i was having popping the top off after one use in particular. i used this on a couple of dives to 50ft and a lot of swimming, including weekly swim class with my toddler. i have read the negative reviews and am sorry to hear about the bad experiences otgers have had. i do wish the case was a little more sturdy. and even though i had no issues with the band, it was a worry since it didn't feel terribly secure. i've never like the pin design for rugged use. but again, i've never had a problem with it.
case has done a great job at keeping my apple watch safe and water proof.  i haven't taken it off once since i put it on and i've had zero issues.  the only semi-negative is that the strap loop slides down sometimes, but that's probably just due to how tight i wear it and my skinny wrists.
a little bulky but i have small wrists.  not bad at all though.
i bought this mostly to provide protection while wearing it during sand volleyball play. it sure beats using a sweat band and cellophane combo for protection. first one that i bought (refurb) cracked on the bottom plastic housing near screw. i did not think that i had screwed case too tight as i unscrewed a half a turn to finish install. fortunately, watch is more waterproof than apple will specify. manufacturer sent me a replacement at no charge. so far, this one has been taking a beating and keeps on ticking, er, protecting.
as described would do business again, super-fast shipping, & great price!
love it! leaves my watch perfectly functional and i finally feel comfortable swimming with my apple watch!
brilliant watch band/case. fits well. dial and button on the side work perfect with the watch design. case has a clear bumper to place on watch, then you secure the top and bottom of the case, making the watch more water resistant.
i have about 20 different apple watch cases and bands. this case/band is by far my favorite. i am very happy with the quality, price, and delivery time!
got this for my mother who gardens and cans. she loves it. keeps dirt and water from damaging the watch. highly recommend to anyone who owns the apple watch!
grandson loves for his apple watch
great case looks good and works great everything i expected from a case of this quality. still using it haven't had a problem
after spending several hundred on the iwatch, my husband decided to get a case that was actually durable. he works in the oilfield and is very rough on all his gadgets. he's had it about a month now and it is perfect! no scratches or issues at all. he gets in the hot tub with it all the time and has had no leakage issues. this is definitely worth the investment to save your watch!
so far so good although i have yet to submerge it in water
excellent!! highly recommended!!!
worth buying
good product protects the watch well and the knobs work flawlessly.  the sensors read your skin and the charger is able to grab it with no problems.  the company is great, i had an issue with my order and it was fixed.  the only reason i give it four stars is due to the fact that after charging many times the silicon on the back becomes loose and luckily i had another one to use that silicon.  once it loosens enough the watch stops recognizing you have it on and you get no notifications anymore.  id like to give it three stars because of this since eventually im going to run out of the silicon cases and it'll be a constant headache at that point but again the company is great maybe if they read this they'll offer free silicon replacements.  other than that all i can say is it does what it says it does protects your watch without making it look cheaply.
excellent my apple  watch is much better now and i feel good
love it
i bought this to replace my spigen apple watch case. the cover was removable and came off and was lost right away. i like the fact this watch case doesnt have a silly clip on face and it screws on! the strap came a little loose while swimming, but it's new and wearing it could use some adjusting. as the manual recommends check the silicone inner case for cracks and holes prior to water activities. this works well for swimming i was able to start a workout labeled other as the apple watch 2015 is not  inherently water proof there is not swimming activity. all the sensors worked great while running too. the bezel spin works fine. a little pricy but great product so far.
very comfortable, durable, and light weight. very good case doesn't add a great deal in weight and dimensions. very satisfied with the case. went through a rainstorm on the motorcycle with no damage or leakage to my watch.  so far it has provided very good protection. i like the addition of the turn nob for access to the silent button. that has worked well so far. love it!
i've tried a few different cases by far  this one is the best! i've only had it about 2 weeks, if it lasts i will update to 5 stars.
like the improvements made to this series from the last one. keeps my watch protected as they state and have no issues with anything. strongly recommend.
i love the extra bulk that this case gives my watch.
works well. tight fit. good protection.
works great. make sure the silicone seal is visible all the way around the face of the watch. i wore it for a spartan beast while the remnants of a hurricane moved through and had no problems!
excellent product.  i love it!!!
i was in a car crash while wearing this watch band.  the airbag hit my wrist and broke the metal screw holding the two pieces together.  completely destroyed the plastic case.....but it left my watch without a scratch.  this this is awesome.  without it, the airbag would have shattered the watch, without a doubt.
it almost killed me but i was able to tear it loose so at least it will brake away in an emergency. i lost my watch and band but i kept my life. i was in a kayak accident where i was held under water by my wrist but i tore the band loose and saved my self.
love it
excellent product! easy to place apple watch into. provides great protection!
i like everything but the bright orange buttons online they look red. very durable i was in a car accident the airbag ripped it off my arm found the pin and put it back together.
i bought this prior to taking a trip to fl to visit the beach. installation was a little tricky, but once i got it on, it felt comfortable. makes the watch a little but bulkier, but that is to be expected.
very good product.
i’ve had this case for about 5 months and love it. i had an issue with the case cracking but i contacted the company and they were extremely responsive. i had a new case in less than a week.
after read some reviews i was afraid about how to do a correct installation
useful
the water proof watch band arrived on time and what i received was what it was described in the amazon website. i had no problems installing the waterproof watch band. now i am able to leave my apple 1 watch on while i take a shower.
awesome
metal clasp was sharp had to wear it down so it would stop cutting into my wrist. otherwise great product!
the catalyst case is a beast, i’ve taken it swimming, rock climbing, and put it through hell for the last year and it’s held up!  i won’t use anything else to protect my apple watch!!!!  you won’t be disappointed!!
$400 watch...so i went with the more expensive case/sport band relative to many others.  band is solid...interior “glove” for watch is solid...case?  not so much.  when i received it and examined it, i remember thinking that the plastic used in the construction of the case felt cheaper than the materials used in the rest of the band.  suspicions confirmed.  i’m active...but not a hard-core athlete, so this watch has experienced what i would consider to be ‘normal’ wear and tear.  purchased in june pf this year (2017) and case is already broken in two places.
edit: after wearing this case for months my watch was still like new, never had an issue until recently one of the plastic points failed and the case wouldn’t stay together, i contacted catalysts support team who were incredibly professional and responsive (even on a holiday weekend) they immediately shipped me a replacement case next day delivery; absolutely unprecedented customer support, catalyst is head and shoulders above other companies. if you decide to purchase this it will be money well spent, and you can rest easy knowing your device is protected. original: when at work i can't often answer my phone directly but need it to stay in the loop. i bought an apple watch to help remedy this but quickly realized it's a bit to fragile for the physicality of my job. the catalyst case solved this for me i'm no longer worried about getting down to work with my watch on. the case is low profile and doesn't make it feel much larger or heavier but adds the protection i needed from dust, water and impact. the watch still maintains full functionality and i've experienced no problems with the speaker or microphone being distorted like some other reviewers have mentioned. the buttons and rotating crown are a bit unresponsive but i've found this to be more of a benifit that anything because it stops me from unintentionally activating siri etc. the case does not interfere with the magnetic charging whatsoever and i have not had any issues with it being able to detect or accurately read my heart rate. the watch band itself is extremely comfortable and has a traditional closure system that makes the watch feel more secure on my wrist. i love this case and recently purchased another for my dad because i'm confident he'll love it too
love this case ive bought different kind of bands and this is by far my best purchase. love the design and its comfort. definitely a winner in my book for sure.
this watch case and the nomad brown leather case are the only two watch cases i use. the leather one for nicer events and this one for work and just about everything else.
i recently had to have my apple watch 2 replaced after 9 months due to it crashing. the only thing i can figure is that it crashed because i used it in the water a lot. needless to say i worried about putting the replacement in the water, even though it's supposed to be waterproof. after a lot of research i kept coming back to the catalyst as my choice. when i got it i immediately put it on since i spend a lot of time in the water in the summer. the following weekend we spent 3 days at the river and i was able to wear it during out float trip. despite having my hands in the water a lot to paddle my watch is still working great. i was able to download a playlist and sync it to the great bluetooth waterproof speaker i had bought and was easily able to control the music and volume with the case on with no issues.
great quality and good looking. very nice fit and function. i work at a feed and farm store and the band has withstood the daily grind of mixing feed, loading feed, panels, hay bales, etc. there is a noticeable change in the crispness of the dial and the clarity of the phone feature is affected. the band is comfortable but it does not breathe well at all, hence the 4 stars.
what a great case. if you like big, g-shock style cases, this is the case for you. this was bought for an apple watch series 3. i need something that was going to protect the watch a little more than what came out of the factory. i typically wear g-shock/invicta watches which tend to be on the large side.
bought this for extra protection from the elements after my first apple watch series 2 shorted out after two minutes in the pool (apple support was great and promptly sent me a new one).  this case looks great, is super comfortable, and has kept my watch dry after 6 hours in the pool. i spent a lot of time trying to find a compatible screen protector without much input, but ultimately settled on the "pasbuy 2 pack [ america glass ] super thin 0.1mm premium tempered glass" option with great success (photo below). the screen protector covers up to the edge of the flat part of the glass, so there is a small gap, but it definitely protects the screen without impeding the waterproof seal around the watch.
first of all, i want to say that i really like the look and feel of the catalyst watch band and case.  the band is very soft and quite comfortable.  i have not tested the water resistance yet, but i am sure it will perform as posted.
i've bought this catalyst case for apple watch 42mm series 2 in sept 2017. this product is overall great. looks good. easy to install and clean and it will protect your watch well.  it's a little getting used to the crown. the heart rate monitor seems a little compromised due to the thin plastic membrame that covers the back side. but issue will be resolved by adjusting the strap a little tighter when working out. the strap is by the way super comfortable.
only case i will use on my apple watch's. this is my second case as i moved from the original watch to the 3. case fits great, all functions work flawless, comfortable band and makes a dainty apple watch look better/ manly. i had a slight issue with a defect, but catalyst customer service was awesome! install is simple, takes minutes...look no further, this is the only case you need!
you get what you pay for! good quality, i got the same product as shown in the pictures. i got it for a friend and he loved it. he works in construction so he needed something of good quality to protect his iwatch but at the same time nice and cute <3
looks great and provides great protection.  thought it was going to be overly bulky but wasn't at all.  a screen protector can go on face of watch also.
well made and fits the apple watch series 3 with no trouble.  the band is flexible silicone/rubber(?) which makes it very comfortable.  the case doesn’t block any of the watch face and the bezel and button respond well through it.  i bought this to wear hiking, fishing, etc and it’s exactly what i was looking for...
great case, i have been running it since i purchased it and love it. the only downfall is that the rubber piece that holds the strap down broke after the first few months, but i replaced it with a g shock one and it has been great. 10/10 for this case, aesthetically and functionally.
the customer service is great as i needed to use it for a small accident i had. they checked up on my and the case and if it was working as it should. the water is honestly amazing as i work for disaster relief aid and i am under storms and so far it’s protected my watch 24/7
be sure to leak test before you put your watch in. it's in the directions but not 1st. so far so good. i added a screen protector for minor scrapes and the case still fit perfectly. i recommend mend this product and i will by it again.
love it!!!!!
adds a nice pop to your apple watch. for me a work in a fast pace environment and this does a great job keeping my watch safe and protected.
works very well for the waterproof piece, have only tried it to about 10 feet though.just a bit bulky for women with a smaller wrist. the case also makes it a bit harder to use the button and the dial is also a bit more difficult to use, other than that i love this product and can deal with the drawbacks mentioned.
it worked great until i found a crack where the screw goes in. i don’t know how that would of happened!! i work around a lot of water and it holds up to a lot of what i do in the automotive industry. they are replacing my case free of charge!! very happy with how the company dealt with my unusual issue!!
love this brand make more colors.  i want a full red one next.
good case, solid.  great customer service.  follow instructions on how to take on and off.  not that obvious.
very good case for your watch very well design fits very well  and is strong and durable would recommend to buyers
the only thing i didn't like about it was the silicone cover that goes on the watch.  it didn't sit well inside the case, and made my heartrate hard to monitor.  i had to readjust it because it would bunch up around the edges.  once i got the watch in the silicone perfectly it worked much better.
love it but still having problem with the unscrewing it. not on my watch yey
bummer a case this expensive broke in the first month, the lip broke on the top half also. the case no longer stays sealed.
bought this case and love it . alpine white ! i will be purchasing the black one in the near future as well. i had a problem with the band strap loop and customer service sent me a whole new case. amazing customer service for an awesome product !!
very nice look
got this for my wife so she could wear her watch to work. she does landscaping and sprinkler systems so she’s in the water and mud everyday. so far she love it she likes the style and the feel and the fact that she doesn’t have to worry about getting her watch soaked.
great case but the rubber watch strap keeper broke. wish it was as rugged as the case. using small rubber band to keep it in place, which is annoying.
great product!! sturdy and well made
if you work in an industry job this is the only case to own for your apple watch ultra tough real protection for these expensive watchs and customer service is second to none. i hope this company soon makes a belt clip for the 8 plus phones cases i’m first in line
i have been very pleased with the catalyst so far. the band is durable which i need with my job. the only thing that i wish came with the case is a screen protector. a screen protector that covered the entire exposed screen but does not compromise the integrity of the waterproofing of the case
well made solid band.
great product, looks and functions well. the only reason i am only giving it 4 stars is the outer plastic shell seems kind of cheap for the price i paid. i was expecting a high quality plastic like you see with otter boxes and what not. but it is doing its job and i don't have to worry about my watch getting damaged.
well designed, well made. makes me a lot more comfortable wearing this rather expensive gadget. the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is that it does not directly protect the screen of the watch. when they get that one figured out it will be a true 5 star product.
great case for the apple watch series 2, really comfortable on the wrist and provides extra protection.
great case  band is kind of short
i have has this case for over a year now and i have had zero issues with the case. i have swam with my watch in the ocean and not have any issues at all. perfect case in my opinion
this is a very nice looking case and very protective! works great. it came and was just like i expected!
we expected this to have more of a rubber like texture, but in reality it’s more like a hard plastic.  but we are still very happy with the band and case!
great protection from anything i've thrown it's way. dirt, sand, dust, and bumps while working outdoors haven't done any damage to either my watch or the case. you do lose some quality with the speaker but that was expected and it's not enough to make a difference to me.
amazing! the item arrived as discribed and very durable. i’ve recieved many compliments! it fits my apple watch 3 series perfectly!
i love this case. watch is totally protected and offers complete peace of mind for any activity. they also have great customer service and totally stand by their product. i will be a customer for life.
perfect fit. i’m a big watch kinda guy and this really jazzed up my apple watch. it definitely draws attention the silicon band is just as comfortable as the original apple watch band. highly recommend.
you want your apple watch to look pro this is it. this is perfect
i already owned the black one and liked it so much i bought i white one . perfect fit , perfect durability so far
this apple watch case is amazing! i have been using it in the water and it has been keeping the water out. i would recommend to buy this case if you intend to use your apple watch in the water for the extra protection.
good quality and looks great as well.
love this band. have had it for over a year and am really glad i got it.
game changer
got the case for my new apple watch couple days ago and i love it.
used in construction work and very durable.
arrive on time exactly as advertised
product was as described, high quality, well designed, fits the watch,  stylish, looks very nice on hand
shipped quickly and band/case fits perfect.
its supercool in the water it glows
choose right size ! when you buy..
looks good, water proof, outstanding durability
great case with awesome protection. keep my watch in it all the time while i’m at work out at home. adds rugged looks and rugged wearablity to a must have piece of technology!
everything is good. except it does not have a screen protector. let me know when you have a full protectoon case. thank you.
great product
comfortable and looks awesome. i️ got the white one because it really pops.
exactly what it’s advertisements state. great engineering. great design. nailed it!
so far so good, thank you
i like it looks good and fits great
love it! wish it covered the lcd
great quality! bought 2 black cases and one glow in the dark... worth the price.
glad i got it
perfect protection for my apple watch 2 !!! wish more colors was available
comfortable and of great quality. very satisfied....
works exactly as described the crown has a bit more resistance but i like it so far so good
very comfortable and wasn't as bulky as i thought it would be.
very comfortable and doesn't fall apart like others i've used.
excellent service and product! keep up the good work!
prompt shipping, great product! recommend to all!!
totally exceeded my expectations!!!
it is a wonderful case
great products
works well
love it. truly waterproof.
excellent product. i have used it surfing, paddle boarding and spearfishing/snorkeling down to ~ 20 feet max without an issue. no leaks and very durable as i am not always easy on my watches. considering getting one in black as well. the material is nice soft and comfortable silicon like material. well worth the money in my opinion.
all according to announced
great cover for my watch
i would like to start off by saying that i really love this case it fits perfect it's comfortable and it's not too rigid. the only problem that i  had with the case was eventually if i cracked where the screw goes in on the bottom. i now believe that this is mostly due to my error as i think that i had tightened it too much. with that i had to get a replacement. i was scared that it was going to be a long drawn out process to get a replacement sent. boy i could not have been more wrong. the customer service that i got was among the best that i've ever received they were prompt in responding to my inquiry. they talk to me as if i was a person and not just another  nuisance. i commend this company for how fast they replaced the old case. thank you for all you did for me. the only reason that this case has a four star review in my opinion is that it broke it at all.  another thing i had to do was put a small piece of foam tape over the crown of the dial because the button was too hard to press with it in the case. all i had to do was put that piece of foam in and that solve the problem.but i will say it had continued to be waterproof even after it had broken. a+ for this case and for the company. as a warning to anyone who buys this case don't over tighten the screw. it will create a weak spot in the plastic
best case solution out there for the apple watch.
i love this cover/band.  only use it periodically for festivals, sports, etc...  but has always been great.
been looking for a new apple watch case since the company producing lunatik cases seems to have gone out of business. catalyst cases seems the next best thing. good water resistance though the plastic composition of the watch is not a 100% durable its still the best case around adding more water resistance to an apple watch. i feel more confident jumping in a pool with a catalyst case than a bare apple watch series 3.
i have loved my case! it’s definately water proof and really easy to take on and off. the only issue i’ve had is with durability. the corners chipped off within three month of using it and then a few months later it cracked near the screw. but i reached out to catalyst and they are sending me a brand new one free of charge so i really can’t complain!
i’m defiantly satisfied with the product, although i would’ve wanted other colored bands to choose from.
amazing product. i would consider this the most protection you can currently buy for an apple watch. what's more amazing to me than the protection the case offers is how comfortable it is. the band is a very well made soft silicone. one of my absolute favorite features of this watch is what i call the "band retainer". under the piece that slides to cover the band when closed, is a peg (pic 2) that fits in the adjustment holes to prevent that band retainer from sliding around. there is no screen protector with this, which is fine to me. i just ordered my own. the band is attached with the pins so you can swap bands if you want. the green is a nice, soft, spot on shade of army green. this is also a limited edition color, grab it while you can. the series 2 watch is already waterproof but more water resistance never hurt and this case gives you a full 330ft. i also have had no problem getting the watch to charge. if you're serious about protecting your watch, this is the case for you.
i love this watch case. however since apple care doesn't cover water damage i would rather not wear it swimming. i don't feel it's too big for my wrist, and since i'm not a fashionable correct person , i asked my wife and she said it looks fine. as far as the comfort level goes i think it's awesome. it's more comfortable than the apple watch band i had before. i had to turn my apple watch in for repairs and i noticed  it was all scratched up. since i paid about $400 for the thing this case give me the peace of mind to wear it to work again. apple couldn't fix my watch so they sent me a new one. and i love this case.
i am so hard on my watches that i needed something for my apple watch or i would live in constant fear of breaking it.  sure enough, i had my watch on, in this case, no more than a few hours before bashing my watch on a building corner (brick).  this case is fantastic.  not a scratch on my watch, and i can wear it in the shower or through the day (and several hand washings) with no issues.  i haven't tried it in the pool yet.  it was a breeze to put my watch securely in the case, and the instructions were clear.
i don't dive but i'm fairly certain this keeps my watch mostly dry. i say mostly because i wear this "watch case" daily and after about a month of wear i finally took the watch out and there seemed to be a very small amount of water inside the housing. the watch appears to be fine, so i'm not overly concerned.
the installation video was clear to understand and the watch case was easy to put together. the "waterproof" insert does not fit the apple watch tightly enough and causes the insert to bunch up during installation. i would have liked for the insert to be more snug. the case does bulk up the apple watch, but it was somewhat expected. the side button and crown seem very responsive and the case does not seem to hinder the mic or speaker. i have only used the case for a couple of days, so far so good.
after having deny my service for getting my last i watch fixed. i was in a hard debate about buying another. but i'm so deep in mac ( i phone macs minis) i decided to give it another try. but wanted to make sure i got a case that would give it honest protection. catalyst does that. i feel quite safe with it on. i'm a musician so there's a lot of taking it off and on. i have big wrists, but i can get 4 holes in. thank you catalyst. i also put armor shield over the face and it fit perfectly.
used this for a beach trip, and it was awesome!  i was able to keep my apple watch on all the time (those that didn't have one had to leave their watches at the house because of the sand), and get my workouts in as per normal.  great product!
probably the best case on the market!!  it’s teally cool looking, functions very well, and amazingly easy to keep clean. wish it had some type of screen protector but then again i have yet to find one that’s worth a darn. my sweetheart and i both have one of these cases.
i bought this case for my gen 1 watch a little over a year ago. now i have upgraded to another watch and i liked it so i bought another. i have to say i always read the reviews particularly the negatives and compare amount of negative vs positive when making my decision. there were quite a few that bashed this case due to it making the crown difficult to use etc...not sure if they just were not installing properly or if they were just trolls but i have not a a days issue with either of my cases.
i purchased this band in august in 2017. in june of 18 the case cracked on the bottom portion. i contacted customer service on a sunday and had a brand new band and case in hand by wednesday.
great product!  i went on vacation this past week and this products stands to its expectations!  it's great fitting, looks great and it protected my iwatch during heaving outdoor sports and inside the pool too!
perfect fit for my series 3. there was some question as to if this case would fit the new series 3 apple watch, i figured i’d try it out and it works great. my only problem with it is, the crown of the case doesn’t really allow you to feel the click of the actual crown when you push it, easy to get used to though. highly recommend.
love this watch band for my apple watch. the material is high quality silicone and has a nice feel. i've searched and bought various 'rugged' bands on amazon and this by far is the best. just wish i ordered it before the other ones. i purchased this in eight which is a little feminine for my taste but will be purchasing the black soon.
great case. polar white. perfect fit. works with apple watch series 3 as well.
the watch case get a lot of comments but one issues is the dial button doesn't work well .. i have watch and read direction still no good .. i have tested it in the ocean and it works great !! just the dial issue
excellent protection for your apple watch especially if you add a screen protector
good strong case that fits well on the apple watch series 3. was really hesitant ably fist but i’m glad that i took the dive. band is really comfortable even during workouts. looks good and everything functions accordingly. i’m glad that you have to put extra pressure on the crown to open the apps or use siri so it prevents accidental function.
purchased for my husband whom is very difficult to shop for. he really digs it.
one of the more costly/bulky cases but i always felt my watch was 100% safe.
the case definitely works. after spending a week in the ocean with it, i would simply wipe my apple watch off and turn the water lock off and go about my business. the case and band make the watch a little bulky compared to normal everyday use, but it is comfortable and very useful.
nice product. it's a bit bulky and muffles the sound a bit, but if you work outside like i do, it's well worth it.
these cases are awesome. i’m a grown-ass-man and still love the glow-in-the-dark effect.
i had ordered a cheap cover for my watch before and it sucked. the catalyst water proof case is awesome!
i have to say, i never write product reviews. (seriously never). and i just had to get on and say how much i love this case. i just wore the case on a 12 mile tough mudder and it kept every single bit of mud out of my watch! i have a safire screen so i wasn't worried about getting my screen scratched (the case doesn't have coverage for your screen). a few notes:
haven't tried this yet, but next time i go diving, i will.  you could use this as a great scratch resistant casing if you don't dive, though.
a must have for active people
best case strap in the market,  i keep recommending it.
using it now, very happy with level of protection however disappointed however that the rotating dial does not work better considering both products were bought new together
it works well but it is bulky.
well made, fast delivery
great accessory for the apple watch, but the inner screw receiver broke after removing the watch 3 times which made the top cover to possibly come off; i'd loose the inner watch itself. nice enough that i ordered another to have that color again..
excellent, my wife saw mine and wanted one right of way.
good product
good
loved the case! it definitely exceeded all my expectations by far. shocked to see the various layers of protection and the quality of the overall product.
looks great seems to work great!
have a crack in watch lens. this protects it well.
good value, easy to install.
the product really strong to protect the your device
it is a gift for christmas, i love the look of it, will have more to offer once my husband has a chance to use it.
my husband loves it and it’s great quality!
works well.  high glow.
i like it!
haven't put it to the real test yet. its construction and characteristics seem to be great. will comment on its functionality soon!!
very good product liked it right out of the box
its a little small for my wrist but so far so good i would most definitely recommend it and buy it again
easy install. no leaks and nice band.
i really enjoy my watch case. would recommend it to anyone looking for additional protection.
awesome.  love it.  got it for the waterproof feature.  add bulk to the watch as i prefer a larger, bulkier watch.
nice fit. the only thing is that it’s hard to get it to change with it on
only dislike is it only come’s in 2 colors. please add more colors.
a little big but great protection!
like it
is súper bueno
love the catalyst case.  i don't even take it off for the original look of the watch.  the side control arm is a little wonky but i wanted the case for the protection.  that's it and it provides plenty of that.
great for protection while out in the construction field.
i feel very safe with this watch band on. i have banged my watch over a 100 times int hard objects and not a scratch! i am constantly in the lake with it on, i sweat like a monster when i run and feel protected from water damage. the glow in the dark is amazingly bright. i love it, so do my kids at bedtime!
better than best
very nice
this case should be a must for every iwatch owner. is strong, comfy, and have awesome look. keep my investment well protected. definitely i’ll buy another in a different color. fits perfect on my series 2.
wear it every day
fast shipping good product fit serious 3
i work in a jail and at a tire shop so i am very tough on things.  this item has protected my apple watch and i would buy it again.  without it i would have broken my watch months ago.
i originally bought this apple watch case for my apple watch series 3 back in july. i play a lot of sports and am very active and needed a case with the the durability of basically a full metal case! i’ve really put this case to the test by consistently playing sand volleyball, swimming, working out, doing yard work, fishing, and anything else you can think of and i absolutely love it. the way it is designed and how perfectly fit it is to either an apple watch 2 or 3 is perfect. it cleans off so easy and it is incredibly easy to take apart with the provided screw driver it comes with incase there is some dirt on the inside part (kind of a clean freak with my electronics).
i like my watch band i use it at the pool and it’s perfect
i bought this one and the v-moro band. i like this band better because the color of the band is more along the lines of what i was looking for. it is as pictured with the exception of the loop holes. the picture shows that the holes are spread out. they actually come clustered together. this makes it difficult for someone like me who has small wrists. there is room for me to tighten this band more by adding a few more holes. i've been wearing it all morning and typing on a keyboard and haven't experienced the sensor resetting, yet.
looks great! just received the white leather band in the mail today. looks great on my rose pink iwatch. great quality!
this is a review of the cuff-style band in grey.
i am loving this band! i have apple watch 2 ss 38 mm and i have the original apple brown leather band. this band looks fantastic. it's not as soft as the apple one, perhaps will get softer with time. the color is beautiful (i have blue) and it is gorgeous on. i'll probably get other colors. glad i took a chance on this!
amazing quality size and colour. very happy. looks great with my gold watch despite the stainless steel parts!
i really like the band. the photo they have on amazon with the girl wearing it is exactly like what it is in real life. i love the fit. i can undecided on what notch to leave it on... or if i need to make a smaller hole. but over all i like the look and it's comfortable.
the 38 mm fits my woman's average size wrist. the leather is good and so is the length & width. it doesn't have an "inset" to make the leather "stand up" better such as blue one i previously purchased from katrice. the blue one was also too thin & long. i've bought a total of 3 double looped 38 mm bands. both brown ones were made of better quality leather and sized correctly. the blue one was of poor quality leather, had an insert causing it to stand up over the watch face, was too thin & too long. my favorite is the brown one from katrice but this vkt is very close in quality. i've read 100's of reviews and tend to think the overall quality of what you receive is hit & miss unless the dyed leather bands are of poorer quality & cut overall. women should keep in mind the 42mm bands' length are meant for men & will probably be too long for them.
i enjoy high end products, and i usually buy apple brand accessories for all of my apple products.  this time i needed a brown strap for a single use, and i was pleasantly surprised when i attached this strap to my stainless steel 38mm watch.  the polished metal matches perfectly, and the quality of the stitching and the leather band is very good.  the only imperfection is that the part that slides into the watch might be micron or two thinner than it's apple oem counterpart.  it's a very small difference, doesn't affect functionality, and most people wearing it probably wouldn't even notice it.  it's unnoticeable to observers.
there are so many bad reviews out there, and i don’t know why. this strap is awesome. feels like the real thing. the hardware is quality, and the pins on the part that attaches the strap to the watch face, seem to be very strong. the watch comes w a screw driver to tighten the screws every once in a while. i love this strap and i plan to buy another one so i have several colors.
i really wanted a white leather band and this one seemed to be the best i could find.  i agree with others that the leather is stiff.  my wrists are small so i have to use the final little hole as a latch.  even then, i don't think the watch is firmly on my skin as i get some really strange heart hearts while i am exercising.  included with my band, the vendor supplied a little device to help opening the catch that holds the bands to the watch--a nice add.  i hope the stiffness will decrease with time as the white band really looks good.
looks great, feels quite comfortable, the stitching is ledgit and looks so nice.  i have a very small wrist and wish it was even smaller so that it could fit on my wrist more comfortably. this beautiful band came with a tool,  i am certain this tool may be used to  add an additional hole on the band but then it is too long for me.  personally, i thought it would be too long if i did add the hole on the band because of would not go under the double strap that is used to hold it in place.  this is the only reason i gave this band a 4 star, personally just for me it was slightly loose and not quite the tighter fit i like.  oh! the color, fantastic so pretty!
this was a little more difficult to put on than the rubber bands the first time, but not terrible.. fits great, have had several complements. only thing which was not a deal breaker for me is it is a little harder for the watch to read your heart rate if you do not have it tight. this like i said didn't end up bothering me because i mainly wear this for nicer occasions. i don't like the feel of the leather while i'm working out. so i wear the regular bands on a daily basis, and where this when going out.
just the colour (red croc) that i was looking for.  i am female, have a 6.5"wrist and use the third hole from the tightest end.  the overlapping strap is not too long and there are two catch loops to hold it down.  it was a bit stiff on arrival, but after manually manipulating it, i managed to soften it up.  as it is nice leather, it will continue to soften as well.
beautiful sturdy band that was a little stiff in the beginning but broke in nicely after a week of wearing. the aluminum steel feels too light and sticks out a bit but i don't really mind them. i got the gray leather single tour and was worried that it looked too dark in the pics but actually turned out to be just the perfect dark gray color in real life. good price and decent quality.
the quality is amazing for the price. the leather is stiff but it’s going to break in quick if not i was going to try saddle soap or rubbing alcohol. but i honestly don’t know if my husband can use this due to how short the length is. i thought it would stretch but he needs almost an inch more. i’m still pleased with the purchase overall but i may have to return it if he can’t wear it.
very satisfied and surprised how great it looks for an affordable price. if you have small wrists like me, you might want to add a few holes. color is exactly as on the picture. you won't regret it!
this is a nice looking band. looks like an expensive product, so overall the value is good for what you're getting aesthetically. i've gotten a lot of compliments on both the brown and black straps. definitely takes a while for the leather to soften up. it's quite stiff out of the packaging and was slightly uncomfortably on my wrist when i first starting using it. has gotten a lot better after about 2-3 weeks of regular use. like with most apple watch straps, it's very easy to slide on/off. if you're looking for a handsome looking leather strap, this is a good choice at a really nice price.
one of my friends had this on and it looked great. i was scared to buy the wrong one since there are many versions of this band, so i asked for the link to this. this is a *nice* band. build quality is great. leather is great. stitching is on point. even the box is pretty nice. really happy with it. even my leatherworker dad complimented the styling.
i recently inherited an apple watch so i have been looking for different bands to use with it.  i used to have a watch that wrapped around my wrist twice and i loved it so when i saw this i just had to get it.  this band was super easy to install and fits great. love the look of the double wrapped band!
love the way it looks, nice quality, but too big.  i have it on the smallest hole and it still flops around on my wrist.  the heavy watch face goes wherever gravity directs it.
so far so good. i bought this band for my wife. got a good laugh from the packaging as china apparently doesn't have a good translator. the band comes a little stiff but i'm sure softens up with time. the band slides smoothly onto the watch and looks great. any updates will be posted as them come. for the price, i recommend this band.
looks really stylish, and the construction seems to be of good quality so far, leather is supple and even, and stitching solid. fits my apple watch perfectly. i imagine the hermes version is somehow much nicer (magical pixie dust? organic hand-dyed leather from grass fed calves?) but this will do nicely in the mean time.
good quality leather and more feminine and stylish (imo) than the choices from apple. the leather is a little stiff but i expect it will soften and conform to the shape of my wrist in time. the color is a true white. fits my 180mm (7") wrist with about 2" overlap.  wish the croc pattern came in a light pink or dove grey!
i couldn’t love this band anymore if i tried! packaging was so clean & well put together, & it even comes with a little screw driver to adjust if needed (not needed for me personally — but a nice personal touch just the same). the color is 100% accurate to the online pics & it fits like a dream! i had no problems attaching them to my watch, which might seem like a crazy thing to worry about but i’ve heard stories where the band doesn’t “click” on properly or doesn’t feel secure.
i got this band because i wanted something a little bit nicer than the usual rubber black band. i like it! it's black and feels high quality. it fits perfectly both with the watch and on the wrist.
the watch band is very nice and my wife enjoys her new watch band.  no issues fitting her iwatch and the item was exactly as described and is in very good condition.  the band arrived on time and in a good shipping package.
i love this watch band for my apple watch.  it's a great looking leather and i love the white stitching around the edges.  it's also the perfect length for anyones wrist.  i recommend this watch band for every one.
beautiful and stylish. i get compliments on this band all the time and compared to the “apple branded” leather band that is well into the hundreds, you can buy several of these on different colors and you’ll be happy.
love this band!  i get so many compliments on it!  no connectivity issues with my watch as others have reported
the leather has a slightly fake plasticky feel to it and the connectors don't slide in as well as the apple oem bands, but it certainly does the job for the price. i've been using this for a couple months now and it has held up well to daily wear and tear. the white stitching does look nice and i've gotten compliments on the band.
great watch band, looks great with my rose gold watch and fits great. i recommend this. i bought this in white. i may purchase more in other colors. i recommend this.
classy & super cute! i have a really small wrist (like child size) but it fits on the very last hole.
fits nicely with the apple watch. the color is great and so is the quality. it's not flimsy or has any stitching defects! very happy!
such a beautiful, classy watch band.  red is risky, but this band looks fantastic with a stainless apple watch case.  would also look great with gold (not rose gold).  i recommend.
very nice, genuine leather. nice look and style like hermes band, without the big price tag. it's a little loose because my wrist is small, but can't beat the price. i love it!
i have this band in two colors. it is absolutely gorgeous and i’ve had friends purchase the same thing themselves after seeing mine.
first of all, the color is beautiful and better in person. only downside for me is that it’s a bit lose since i have a small wrist. i may have to adjust and add another hole. it does slide on very nicely but it doesn’t look very secure as i read on other reviews as well. the magnet is a little lose- would need to be careful. other than that, i’m very satisfied. hope this last a long time.
bought as a gift for my daughter and she loves it.  very nice color, looks great with the apple watch, and is high quality leather.
this band is great because it takes you away from the total casual white band that came with my apple watch.  slid right in and looks great.  completely changes the look of my apple watch and it feels like i have a total new watch on, which is awesome.  however, it didn't feel or smell like leather so yeah...bummer.  still a nice band.
quality is fine for the price. band runs a little long so it will be roomy on those with small wrists.
it’s alright. kinda wishing the band was thinner and went around the wrist twice but all in all it’s an alright purchase 👍🏻
love this band! the color is beautiful, it's comfortable, and fits perfectly with the iwatch 2. i bought the same type in the white that's the snake skin style and was disappointed with that one as it was very stiff.
a great band for your apple watch!! it gives it a bit more of a stylish look instead of the very sporty look the original band it comes with. the band is flexible not too stiff when you position it around your wrist. just beware in the summer the thickness of the band will leave a funny tan
color is beautiful: a brown gray, very versatile. band is thin though and the clasp seems a little screwy,but it works. great for now, till i find something better
worked nicely for my apple watch.  i have a tiny wrist so i found the band to be little too big.
love this watch band.  it is just as pictured, the color is vibrant, and the leather is soft and flexible.  highly recommend
i have a number of the valkit bands and for the price they look great and fit well.
quality band, i really like the look and feel of it. it feels great. people were impressed by the band and didnt even realize it was an apple watch!
item is as shown. arrived quickly. well packaged. as with leather goods, slight chemical/paint odor.
i love the band but the metal bracket to close it is on backwards. i will return for replacement. i love this and will eventually do one in all colors.
i absolutely loved this band. came as pictured with 0 defaults. for the price, you can’t go wrong.
looks superficially just like the hermes band that comes with the $1k watch. up close the quality of the leather is more evident, but for the price zero complaints.
genuine leather with branding on the inner side of the band. it's a little stiff but for the price, i can deal with that. so far, so good.
love this watch band - it gives my watch a classic look.  it is a little stiff, but has loosened up as i wear it.
great quality.  fits wife well and she loves the look of it.  a christmas present win!
but it’s very difficult to charge with the band on
i was a little surprised that this band came as faux leather, was expecting genuine leather, but it fit perfect and is super-comfortable to wear.
fantastic quality for the price!
hot. just weird to put on. you’ll get used to it...probably.
i love this band!!! it’s so cute! easy to put on!!! this was exactly what i was lookin for!
finally a band that looks pretty.  i love the floral pattern.  it fits on the watch and on my wrist like any other band and is a definite improvement in the style category!
gift for wife.  she likes it a lot and wears it daily.
i really was so happy when i opened the box and saw it, looks really nice and fits super well. easy to take on or off of apple watch (i have the series 3 42mm)! cant wait to see how it lasts! also really nice price tbh, and the box it came in is almost like a dupe for the hermes wrap for the iwatch.
classy and comfortable ... a bit long for my wrist, but the two little strap holders perfectly keep the band in place.
not bad! fits well and looks good 😊
pretty darn cool. reminds me of the watch bands i used to wear in the 70's. groovy! ha ha. really, nice band.
great watch band, no reason to  pay apple prices, leather is very nice quality considering the price.  same band and look twice the price at the apple store
so far so good! i've had this for a few weeks and i really like it. it looks great and the price was excellent. fits my apple watch perfectly. no complaints!
i love it. the color, the feel, the quality, and even the packaging. honestly, i highly recommend this product and company.
good strap however i thought it was thinner in width. it looks a little may for a female's wrist. i do like the buckle option.
love it!!  looks exactly like the hermès apple watch band!  i did have to make an extra hole given i have a small wrist.  i can’t stop eyeing it and i have been wearing it daily.
love this band. once you wear it a bit the leather relaxes.
i love the look of this watch band. the leather has a soft feel and is comfortable. the only reason i didn’t give five stars was due to the design my scroll button would be engaged due to the strap hitting it.
i constantly get complimented when i'm wearing this band with my apple watch. it looks and feels very expensive. glad i bought it.
great product
gives the watch a whole new look
the color and leather are very nice. i highly recommend and great for the price too
my daughter loves this band, super cute!!
definitely worth the money! i work every day in mine, and frequently get it wet and it hasn't fallen apart or showed any signs of wear.
love this watch band.
one of my favorite bands, but a pin came loose from where it connects and now its useless.  keep an eye on this contact point and you'll love it.
this band is okay but is a bit stiff and looks pretty manly.  nice color though.
stylish and comfortable!
looks legit
excellent product. comfortable yet elegant looking. easy to attach to watch. much more comfortable than synthetic bands.
great band! great color! great price!
high quality leather and buckle. wear daily.
great material and durable, i've been using it for months now and i have no complaints.
easy to install........attractive......if you have a large wrist it might not fit.
good price and looks nice. i bought it in black also.
super cute. love the color. good quality and fast shipping!
i love it! would repurchase. i've worn it for weeks on end and no fraying or anything. holds up great.
love it
since arriving, i have worn this band every day and have received many positive comments!  i would recommend!
beautiful band, beautiful color very close to the pictures.
this is my first apple watch replacement band and it won’t be my last. the brown leather is very complimentary to not only my skin tone but to my personal style. very easy to change the bands out and very stylish. i’ll definitely purchase more in the near future.
love it! looks identical to the hermès band and feels like good quality. i’ve worn daily for a few months now and is still looking great!
my wife love it thanks
everyone sees this and assumes it is the real deal. it is beautiful done and excellent quality
love this exactly as described. occasionally throw th the hr monitor off but that’s fine i change bands most of the time when working out, so this one doesn’t get smelly
i like the sturdiness of the watch band - it looks great on my watch
very nice band for apple watch.  a little stiff at first but gets better.
my only issue with this band is that even on its smallest hole, it is too large for my wrist.
really like the product. only problem why i gave it a 4 stars was because of the fit on my tiny wrist. i used the last hole on the band and have about 1/2” of the strap sticking out. going to have to return it.
fun and cute and love the style
love it and the fact that i can change my watchband with my mood and style:)!!
amazing!!!
nice leather band
feels great. it does make a squeaky noise while wearing it, and is easily scratched.
great look, mi wife complains that it is a little bulky at the bottom of the wrist, but i guess that it comes with the overlapping of the strap.
as expected
love this band!
love this band. i get compliments on it constantly. someone even mistook it for a hermes.
i absolutely love this band it fits great i’d love the color it was true to the picture and i get a ton of compliments on it is very different and everybody asked me where i got it i would definitely buy this again
great quality!
looks good  for the price it even can mes with a little tool to add holes to the trap , extremely hard to make  it close and stay close without  sliding .
thank you.
love this band!  i’ve had many compliments and the color is bright and the leather is real.
i like the watch band, one thing that i didnt like about it that the watch doesnt stay straight keeps moving around even if i put it too tight on my arm, or lose it. either way the band doesnt stay the same way as the original apple watch band.
bought this for my daughter, and she loves it!
receive many compliments when wearing this band. have had it since christmas of 17’ and still looks like new.
it works
i love it and fits well! love the bright red color.
great product!  great customer service!!  highly recommend!
this fits perfectly, not an easy find for something that you can’t buy in person. works great and great quality!
i wear this to work and get compliments all the time.  nice look and quality.  would buy again.
i'm loving my new, affordable double tour watch band! it was easy to install and it fits perfectly!
it was perfect for my watch. i just wish it came in black and was just a little bit wider around the watch.
love it, easy to change, and seems well made
good quality and very on trend!  very pleased. packaging was nicely done.  no complaints.  would recommend and price point reasonable.
cute. doesn't buckle correctly.
very nice quality
i get so many compliments on this band. everyone wants to know where it came from.
great band. i have a fairly small wrist but somehow it may need a little more length. it doesn't quit wrap perfectly around my wrist so my apple watch is constantly going off because it thinks i've removed the watch from my wrist. it's a good band but not perfect.
my husband love it! he said is beautiful and very comfortable.
this is a beautiful, high quality band. bought  one from another vendor and it was so cheap. this is worth your money!
looks awesome, fits great.
nice band but it broke after having it for about a month. -britt
good quality band; a little stiff until it gets shaped to the wrist, but the leather is nice.
great band at a great price. i wear this frequently.
love it more than the leather apple one my watch came with
it’s sooo cool 😎 i love it. classic style 😜
bought it for my mother and she loved it.
great product
great band, well made, looks expensive!
loved it very stylish for the price
beautiful band. going to buy again in another color.
nice
beautiful color!!!
this is by far one of my favorite bands! its comfortable, durable, and stylish! i get many compliments on it! would definitely recommend it!
great band
much nicer than the bands that come with the watch. really good quality!
nice band. no complaints this way.
as pictured, very pleased !
self
great quality and very comfortable. i love it! the strap is a bit long i have it on the last hole. could be a little shorter but still fits great!
great product! it worked perfectly.
love this band!!!  the quality and color are fantastic!
i like that the white band came with a screwdriver.  the black band that i also purchased small screws come out, so the watch will fall off your wrist.  i feel the screws are not long enough, because the screws are not secure
jsut as depicted
i absolutely love this apple watch leather band! it is beautiful and comfortable to wear!
buen producto y vendedor confiable
i love this band it has a beautiful fit and really looks good
love this band! it is stylish and comfortable. i can wear it with almost anything, it is pretty much my everyday.
i love that it looks nice and well made! good option if you don’t want to spend $400+ on a real hermès band!
great
nice band...got lots of compliments! wish the band around it was a little longer but still fits.
nice looking band.
very durable and nice. was stiff at first but it gave me comfort knowing i had to break it in. high quality and looks nice with formal clothing rather than the silicone regular bands.
i've gotten a lot of compliments on this watch band. it's well made and looks great
wow is right.  i was hesitant to order another band.  almost disappointed at amazon for letting so many terrible bands to be sold online without checking. great work valkit!
fits well. looks great with everything.
great band especially for the price.
they give you a little screw driver to make sure the tiny screws don’t fall out. beautiful and unique design! very pleased
this watch band really looks great and has a good leather quality.  it compliments the apple watch and makes it fashionable. however, from day one, the right watch band is not locking in place when you slide it into the watch.  i have several other watch bands and they all lock without any issue except this one so i know my apple watch is not the problem.  at least it won't slide off easily so i'm just going to live with it the way it is.  i'm not going to complain or demand a replacement.  i'm sure this was just an isolated case.  i'll still give 5 stars because the packaging was professional and the product looks great.
nice leather band.  i had to put an extra hole in it to make it smaller, but overall very nice.
the band looks classy and fits nicely onto the watch.  the leather is a little stiff when you first get it, but just work the leather in by flexing it a little and it will eventually conform to the arches of your wrist.
i get so many compliments on this band!
looks exactly like the picture when it came !
first one broke in about a month but they are sending me a replacement for free. i think i just got a bad one.
looks beautiful and classy!
loved this watch band! the double cuff is very stylish and the color goes with everything
makes the watch looks casual as oppose to it looking sporty with the original band. it looks good. didnt have to make holes like what other reviews say.
nice
very nice n was easy to add additional holes in the band to fit my wrist, my wrists are quite small. good looking & easy to wear with the sense of a good and comfortable fit.
i purchased this band with some doubts but turned out to be excellent. the color is neutral with a detailed (brown) strip on the side of band. i had it for months and material is still as new. only concern is it needs to be more larger.
very happy with this band.
this is nice.  the leather bands are high quality.  the band's are strong and can be adjusted perfectly to my wrist. new, it is very stiff. i expect this will get better as i wear it.
love this band. i get compliments on it daily.
i love this band! it makes my watch so chic!! the quality and color are perfect! the contrast stitch and genuine leather are as good as anything i have seen. love to customize my watch face to the color of the watch!
i love it!! i ordered it saturday night and received it monday morning! i’ve very pleased! it looks exactly like the picture.
love love my apple watch band i thought it was going to look cheap , but actually it looks like an expensive band
nice quality- very pretty. haven't got it wet nor have i used it long enough to determine the quality. i think it will hold up.
everything about this band was great! the color, the quality, comfort and even the sizing. looks very classy, and definitely worth the price.
i love this band. it is super comfortable and goes with almost everything you wear !
perfect!
great quality
great watch band. definitely has quality written all over it!
great
quality product - leather could be softer
durable, comfortable and a great buy! i hardly review items but this is a quality item
very nice product
it was exactly as expected. nice quality leather.
nice leather, love it!
very happy.  looks great.  smells like leather. clicks in place perfectly.  good for the price.
excellent product. i bought it as a gift for my friend who loved it. she said she was planning on buying a leather strap for her apple watch, and it was perfect. would definitely buy again. it arrived in a timely fashion.
love the style, of course it’ll take a couple uses before it starts to fit better, but overall love it !
i really like this watch band! the silicone ones are to large for my wrists and this one on the tightest notch fits perfect. no sliding around. it looks really nice. the leather is good quality. i would recommend and i would purchase again if this one ever fails! kind of expensive for a band so -1 star.
looks great
enjoying this product 👧🏻
would definitely buy again in another color. so worth it!!
love the band!
love this band!! pretty color! nice fit!
nice band, fits perfectly in the watch and gives an elegant look. better than the more expensive sport bands from apple
a surprise gift for my girlfriend. she loved it.
love my item exactly as advertised
nice color and fit as expected .
the band is exactly what is described! i love it!
so simple, but i love this band.
so classy! awesome quality product. i will be purchasing another in a different color.
love this band. very sturdy. color is more teal than blue.
awesome product
i do love this band. it is exactly as pictured
nice replacement band for a dressier look. my wrist is about 7.5-8 inches & it is more than adequate.
it's a great product, great quality and very pleased.  looks great with my apple watch!  will buy from this seller again.
i love this band!  i had to order one for a friend for her birthday! i get many compliments!
i love it
the fit is really great, the quality is very nice.  fits well and i love the color!
looks good and wears well.
great price. so far i really do enjoy this band. it is a nice change from one of the standard apple watch bands.
good band but not for thick wrists
i liked the soft leather and the color. it was easy to put on.
i love this band. it looks so good and feels good.
i love it...
happy with this!!! i love it.
fits great, looks great
love this band. constantly getting positive comments when i wear it.
great product, looks and feels like the real mccoy. only downsides are it stains easily and should be genuine leather for the price.
beautiful, durable, and affordable! love this band! great buy! i'm getting the wraparound band next!
high quality, easy to install. great value. made the watch look very dressy and much more expensive than band that came with apple watch.
pretty decent quality leather, looks sharp and people thought was hermes. i suggest it, but you have to like the cuff look.
great band! looks great, just like in the photo. seems a little stiff, but i am sure it will soften up with wear.
looks way nicer that should for the $
love this band.  very comfortable and stylish.
love this band. comfy, super cute and exactly as pictured.
this is a very nice watch band. it was a bit stiff when i first got it, but has softened out well.
fits great ! love the band
i love the color and quality of this band. i was very impressed and will be purchasing more in the future. great price, too!
nice watch band. very pretty.
love this band-
this is a nice band, but it is a little uncomfortable to wear.
i love this band so much!
just love this band it is so comfortable and i have received many compliments on it too!
seems to be made well.  would buy again.
nice
i received today! so far so good! i love it!
perfect!!
love my new watchband
love it
love this double tour for the price!
received today. the band looks great and the leather is of decent quality. great purchase if it stays this way.
great product! as described!
when i first got this, i was so excited. it was gorgeous coming out of the package. when i put it on, it was still just as gorgeous.
super cute and great quality!
very comfortable. looks very nice
this wrap watch band is great! i love it!
good quality
very nice excellent product
came in a very timely manner. more pleased in person than the picture. i love it!!
love the watch band!
absolutely love it!
great quality
great band fits my watch perfectly!
beautiful band. love it!  i will order another color!
great quality for a super reasonable price!
just right
love it
nice
better than metal.  love it!
love it!
color is true to the picture and look really nice with business casual attire.
i was pleasantly surprise the quality of the bands were very nice
omg .. love the color and feel . been wearing it all day.
so pretty! love it much
daughter loves it.
perfect!
i like that is different!!!
beautiful!
love it!!!!
this is a great watch band for the price. looks nice, wears well.
great quality!
it's very nice.  exactly what i expected!
looks nice exactly like the picture
great band for the price.  i have it in three colors.
a beautiful band for a very reasonable price.
love my watch band !!
love!!!
classic design and fit!
love it!
excellent quality and great price!
love it !
love it!
perfect
took a few days for the leather to soften but very good.
loved the bands.
i really like the band . i have a small wrist so i have to use the last little hole but still looks and fits nice.  however today i'm at work at my desk n noticed it detached from the metal bar that slides into the watch.  such a tiny screw thankfully i found it but it didn't help me i didn't have little screwdriver came with to tighten it back up so i'm nervous to continue to wear it but maybe it was just a one off so far it's great other than that
it met my expectations it's pretty i love it
i'm pretty happy with this band. i was looking forever for a good white leather band that didn't look cheap. i am very happy with the look and feel of this one. it is quite stiff when you open it, but just bend it around in your hand for 5 minutes and then wear it for a day and that solves the issue. after about a month, there are a couple spots on the bottom (where my wrist hits the desk etc) where the white has worn off. that's the only reason i'm not giving 5 stars, but overall i would buy this again.
so far, true to it's advertising. the band is real leather. however, it does not clamp well or securely in place to keep the iwatch connected. in addition, it is next to impossible to position the iwatch close to your wrist due to the need of the watch band to overlap itself pushing the iwatch up and away from your wrist rendering many of its features unusable. plus, the pulling of the leather at the clamp locations looks like it will snap any minute. overall it's ok if you just need a band, but if you are looking to invest in your iwatch, this may not be for you.
i love this band! i have had it for a couple of months now and wear it almost every day. i have read reviews that say the leather cracks easily but that has not been my experience.  i change the band often because i run daily and it has held up very nicely. i have ordered a second band in a different color. you can't beat the quality or the price!!
loved it
really beautiful!
nice quality, nice price, and looks fantastic.
this is my 6th (including the band that came with it) but this is my favorite. let's talk about the way it looks. it is a beautiful white. not an off white or bone white. it's a beautiful clean white. the clasp is shiney silver. where the band attaches to the watch face, unlike the rubber watch bands, the leather is on a hinge like regular watches. this is helpful since it's made of real leather it's a little stiff since its brand new. but it is a nice supple leather so i'm sure after a few times it will relax and that won't be a problem. along with the watch came a "pointer". i've never been able to change the band myself. i have acrylic nails and never could be able to push the button on the back of the watch face to get the bands off. my husband always has to do that for me. however with this "pointer" i was easily able to get the bands on and off. i think this band is well worth the price. (the lavender band is the original band that came,with the watch.)
this band looks awesome on my black watch! i got black adapters and added it to this band.  with the high quality leather look and the fact that it's almost all black (it's not very easy at all to find an all-black hardware band for the apple watch), i'm getting a ton of compliments.
absolutely love this leather valkit apple watch band! looks very chic and elegant on my rose gold watch. quality material, size adjustable, and nice bright white color, which could coordinate with just about any apple watch. easy install and removal of band components with apple watch lock in mechanism and comfortable wear. as of now seems like a very durable material. received wishing 2 days with amazon prime, well packaged and true to online description. i have included some pictures to show how the band and the watch look while on the wrist.
valkit for apple watch band, 38mm iwatch bands genuine leather strap iphone smart watch band women bracelet replacement wristband men with adapter for apple watch series 3 2 1, double tour, brown
ordered this apple watch band for my wife. it came in pretty quickly. the band came with a small screwdriver and extra screws in case they were needed. the band itself looks just like the photo online. the long band wraps around the wrist and back again to the buckle. it can be worn on either side of the watch face that you prefer. in the photos, it’s worn on the right side of the face but i quickly learned that it’s much better on the opposite side because the band can press against the buttons and the dial. the quality of the band is great. it’s not real leather, but it doesn’t look cheap either. it’s a nice alternative to the sports band that came on the watch, and is good for dressier outfits.
the apple watch band is very attractive. it is made of a soft leather. the clasp are made of stainless steel. the color of this band is classy. it can be worn with a dressy outfit or a casual outfit.  i like the looks of this watch band.  i have been looking for a leather band for my watch but wasn't sure of the type i wanted. i didn't want to put a lot of money in it as i like to change bands and the looks of the watch. this was reasonably priced for the type of band it is.
i really love this band! it fits great on my wrist and i love to pair it with more professional outfits esp. when i am at work, it has a very classy look. the leather is really great quality and i can tell this band will last me a long time. the leather was a little firm at first but after wearing it for a few days it softened up and is soo comfortable! the band has several holes to choose from so the fit is great. the packaging was really cute and i love this band! i recommend this to anyone!
i received this product on time that they promised. i like these i phone band, the design was really good. this watch band 42 mm has a genuine leather replacement wrist band. it has a genuin leather exterior and microfiber intern guarantee a more comfortable wearing. i like it because it has a stylish cut and elegant look. it has also a metal adjustable buckle clasp is ready for band interchange. it is easy to install and remove. the leather is so soft anf fits for me. this is really great to personalize my watch. it is comfortable. the lugs ensure that the watch is secured safely and that installation is easily and goes off without a hitch. all in all its a nice watch band for the price. the price is great.
i got this apple watchband as a replacement for my others .i loved the packaging it came in was very nice .fast shipping also .the replacement band has nine holes so you are able to adjust your band to your perfect fit .the band was a little stiff but with some time and being worn 'im sure that will go away in a few days after getting worn in.this genuine leather band comes in a crocodile skin type pattern .this replacement band comes with the  apple watch lugs on both ends which allows it to be locked in securely.the microfiber interior on the band  makes  for a comfortable wear all day .nice quality band .would recommend to others ,i received this product free for my honest unbiased opinion .
love it! get compliments all the time!
i really like the style, quality and price of this band. it looks more like a bracelet instead of a band.
just what i look for.
i am in love with my new watch band. it is so unique and different than any other band i have ever had. i have received so many compliments on it. when you first get it it’s a little stiff but after a couple days it loosens up real nice. it also came with a tool you can use to tighten the screws.
i love everything about this band. i was sceptical of the price but it is really great quality and seems like it will be very durable.
this leather band is stunning! the brown color is so professional and sleek. the white/cream color stitching is perfect, no little strands poking out. the metal clasps have a great shine and it's scratch free. great quality apple watch band! i'm going to buy many more in different colors.
i purchased this product as an alternative to the silicone sport band my apple watch came with.a week in i am very pleased with the product.the band comes in an orange box (so you don't forget the product it's based off of), well packaged, and fits the apple watch as pictured.
i wanted my apple watch to look a bit more like an actual watch, and also wanted something that would match everything i wore. i had seen other brown leather bands and thought they looked nice, so immediately searched for one similar. i was happy that this came in a single band and it seemed like the perfect color. i also liked that it had white stitching which i think adds to the look. even better, the price was ideal. my only concern was how it would look with my “gold” (more rose gold) series 3 watch.
i ordered the white crocodile leather band for my 38mm apple watch and it is fantastic.  i have small wrists and had to add one hole so that it fit properly, but it works.  the buckle on this band is better than the buckle on the expensive $150 apple blue leather band that i bought when i first got the watch. the buckle here seems more like a high quality watch band buckle and is definitely more elegant than the one on the apple band. i showed my husband the apple band next to this one and he thought the apple band was the cheap one that i just ordered!
this band is really well made, super easy to put on, and a really fun look. the only reason i say 4 starts rather than 5, is that i have the hermes version in tan and the leather is miles apart. if you don't have them sitting side by side, this amazon version is excellent. the stitching is straight, the buckle is solid. it's an amazing value if you wanted to try the fun color without the $600 price tag. the hermes version is butter soft leather. the amazon version is nice, but not hermes.
so this is exactly what i wanted. i measured my wrist to make sure this would work, and it fits really well. my wrist is 6.7 inches and i use the third from last hole so there is enough band left to tuck into the slide-y things. the band doesn't really feel leather-like, it is a bit stiffer than i expected but after a day of wear it is already molding to my wrist. i love the look of this style and how it keeps my watch in place.
this is such a great band! looks like the hermes one :)
this a very pretty watch band in a beautiful red color. it easily attaches and detaches to the watch and locks in.  it is sized to fit perfectly to the watch.
it looks great. i have small wrists and i can’t quite make it to first notch but it fits at second notch. watch worked as expected the first day. however, after the second day the band broke in and loosened a little bit. now i need to unlock my watch every time to use it. so i do not get notifications such as text message alerts etc. it looks great though i will try to keep working with it because it looks great and so much better and stylish.
it looks like the hermes single tour watch band that i was lusting over, only about $320 cheaper.  so far, the band seems high quality.  the bands slid into place easily with a click.  the leather appears genuine and the stiching is fine and precise.  the buckle itself feels like it might be plastic, but i can't tell for sure.  small tradeoff for an otherwise solid and beautiful watchband though.  love the color.  i hope it holds up to wear.
i overall like this band a lot. i like the way it looks and get a lot of compliments on it. my main problem with it is that since i got the double tour that goes around your arm twice, there ends up being a pretty wide area that it covers and to get it tight enough for the watch to work properly, it makes my arm a little sore by the end of the day. the other thing is that if you get anything on it, it seems to stain easily. after wearing it for a couple of months, some parts of the band are turning a little darker, but it kind of looks like it's supposed to be that way.
i get compliments on this watch band everywhere i go, so naturally i love it. people think it costs a lot more than i paid for it. the band is plenty long enough to wrap around the wrist as shown in the product listing. it was easy to attach to the apple watch. even after a couple of months of daily wear, the leather still looks great and is holding up nicely.
i purchased this with a red short leather band. the leather is smooth, soft and pretty thin. i can wrap the band around my wrist easily. the stitches are good. if you like the hermes one but do not want to invest that much, you can go for this one.
very happy with this purchase.  very long band therefore if you have a petite wrist you may have to put in a few extra holes.  fitted my wrist fine but i'm on the last hole.
update: after my review, they offered to ship me a new one after i showed them a picture of the defected one. my replacement was shipped fast and the quality was great! because of the awesome costumer service, i will use the again!
it’s perfect! i usually dont write a review, but notice the band didnt have recent reviews and had poor reviews. i bought the double brown band (38mm). i was hesitant to get it because of the few star-ratings this seller had. but based on all the pictures uploaded by those who had the double band, all had great reviews. so i went for it, and i love it. the band leather is legit. some comments mentioned it being too long with not many holes. but i still have 3 holes remaining. im 5’6, 138lbs. i love it. i totally recommend it. looks super nice! and a bonus, you get a short band with the long band!
this band is great. good color red, soft and well made. i’m very happy with the quality for the price. at the same time i ordered an apple brand leather single watch band (with silver square closure) and i’d say they are equal in quality. i’ll buy more from this vendor for sure.
this is a beautiful watch band (excellent quality that looks far nicer than it's low price would indicate), but beware that you are ordering the correct size. i needed a 38mm, and typed that in on the amazon search box, but i ended up with a 42mm instead. no matter what size you search for, you have to click a separate tab at the edge of the page to select the size... it is not obvious at first. as long as you take care to notice that part, you will love this product!
bought this not expecting too much for the price, but i was pleasantly surprised. looks exactly like the picture and so far has held up pretty well. i absolutely recommend it.
color and look are perfect. however today i noticed one of the clasps completely fell off. how or where i have no idea. absolutely no reason why something like that just falls off and now whole band is useless to me. will not buy this again.
great band and holds up under a lot of tough conditions...i swim in the ocean, pools, out at the beach so it gets a lot of sun.....has held up great...and i get a lot of comments on it!
just got this in the mail.  it looks great.  the leather is nice and seems like it will soften with time.  the stitching is straight and it’s comfortable,
i am wearing this color at the moment i like it but i think the little silver piece could've been a little bit bigger because when i tried to strap it it bent back and had to pull it out a little bit but not too much so it wouldn't break
i love this band. i have been searching for a band that was a little dressier than the silicone band the watch came with. after trying several others metal and leather i have found the perfect band.
very cute. i’m giving four stars because i already lost a screw (thank goodness it came with a spare) and am now constantly checking and tightenening the screws so i don’t lose another one.
i liked the fact that this a really nice blue band with great customer service. would recommend this product and can’t stress how nice the blue color looks
lovely band! very stylish- love it!  came super fast in the mail.  company even provided a replacement screw set in case of any issues and followed up with an email.  great customer service!
why pay $340 + for hermes when you have this? literally can't tell the difference (except in price) between the two. smells like real leather also. very comfortable and gets a lot of compliments. extremely satisfied.
nice band! heart tracking functions work well through the hole behind the watch back. great fashion accessory. easy to install the watch and take it off when switching out bands.
love it! it fits perfectly an is as described. the seller got it to me the next day.
i'm satisfied so far with this band.  it guess it will take a little while to break-in the leather as it is very stiff out of the box.  however, it looks and feels well made.  i will update to 5 stars once i wear a little longer.
i get so many compliments on my double tour brown band. it goes so well with even the apple sport watch i own. want to buy more colors now! love it!
love this band!  it looks very luxe and feels so nice.  i will be coming back for more colors at this price for sure.  easy to install on my apple watch and matches beautifully with the hardware.
this band was easy to put on, lies well in my arm as the leather isn't too stiff. nice pattern. it doesn't pick up stains easily like the rubber bands. i am pleased.
i love this color. it’s a beautiful blue and fits the watch perfectly. it’s my go-to band that i wear day after day and it’s holdig up well
nice watch band.  nice leather, it is however bulky.  i thought i would like that feature but once i wore it, not a fan of the bulky look.  i will still wear it but i will look for a sleeker white band with gold hardware.
i love it !!! i get compliments each time i wear it ..!!! it makes the apple watch cool )))
fits my apple watch great. i love the cuff style and the quality is great.  i've worn it for a few months now and it's holding up great. you can even take the fat cuff part off and just use the strap. very pleased with this purchase.
like this band - nice turquoise color and exactly what i'd expect. the leather is not top quality but for the price - it's very nice.
i love this watch band! it’s classy & i can wear it with any outfit!
looooove my watch band. it looks edgy and classy at the same time
the only thing about this is i didn’t know about the screws and lost 2
i truly love this watch band. it looks beautiful on my wrist. it makes the watch look different. also arrived fast. i read some not so good reviews but i'm glad y bought it. i hope it lasts long time since it's beautiful.
my wife likes this band.  four stars because she had issues keeping attached to the watch face, seems to be staying now but it was very fidgety
i love this watch band. the quality is amazing, especially for the price. the blue color is perfect. and it adjusts small enough for my small wrists. i even ordered another one in a different color.
i lover the look of this band, but it doesn't hold up well to everyday wear. the surface tears easily.
looks just like the expensive apple watch hermès band.  i love wearing such a unique band.  great price.  definitely would buy this one again.
great color, comfortable and secure. the braces are preinstalled, all you would have to do is slide it i to the watch holster. i did try to tighten the screws but were already firmly in place.
i love the color & width of the band.  a nice addition is that you can wear the center band by itself.
i absolutely love this band.  the color is great and it is comfortable. highly recommend.
got this for my mother in law as a gift. better than i had hoped. worked well. she loved it.
i like this watch band. it’s snazzy and secure. i like that it looks like a bracelet and that it comes in many colors& finishes.
i’ve received so many compliments on this band. love it.
pretty!  looks hermes-y lol, minus the guilt of spending too much on a leather band.
nice change to the sports band i have
looks sharp, a little stiff. needs some time to break in but works great.
so i got the white single tour watchband. i just put it on and the first thing that come to mind is the word stiff, its not as supple as the leather wrist band that came with my watch. also i was hoping that the band wouldn't be so wide, i have what i would consider to be small wrists. but for now i think its a good buy and i look forward to breaking it in!
great watch band for my apple watch. it was a little stiff the first day but has softened up. i really like it.
love this band. came the next day. locks well into my watch so it feels very secure.
i love this watch band i get compliments on it all the time
the band, though stylish, broke in the second week and it seems the screw between strap to the holder came off.
great product. received a lot of compliments on it
fits my 38mm apple watch perfectly! i love the way it looks! band is a little stiff at first but put it on the smallest hole while on the charger over night and it helped break it in!
i honestly was expecting the worst when i ordered this, mostly because i hate online shopping. i was shocked when i received this band, it's actually very good quality. i bought my stepdaughter one too. it beats spending $400+ at apple for the name brand band.
i love this. i was expecting something just ok, but i am blown away. it looks so good and so legit. i wear it all the timw and receive many compliments. i want more colors!
stylish and well worth the money. better than my $40 apple band.
this is a great band.  very stylish.
this genuine leather watchband is beautiful.  perfect fit on my apple watch. the red color is a perfect match.
good quality and great price
everyone thinks i have the hermes band, it looks that great!
love it beautiful
despite being a bit tight on my wrist, i love it.
this band fits nicely and is very classy looking. i've only had it for a few weeks so i haven't seen the wear and tear yet but so far, so good!
stylish band
it is nice quality, solid, definitely will be purchasing this in black...
good leather.  wish the red was a deeper red. but get compliments on this band all the time.
love the color and quality for the price. well made and i wish i had order it sooner!
i've been wearing this band for a while now and i will say, just like leather, it gets better with age
great band! have had so many compliments.  may get a black one.
i was exictided at first because it looks beautiful and fits perfect. after few days one of the screws got lost and now i can’t use it. in other words i lost my money.
get compliments on it everywhere, nice leather, softens over time
great quality band and very comfortable!
doesn't really fit well. but it might just not be my style. good quality though!
identical to the hermès apple watch at $1200
this strap is really nice, and the color (brownness) mirrors the original hermes item. will have to see how it holds up in the long run, but i like it very much for now.
it is just what i was looking for and at a good price. quality seems decent and 2 people have already asked where i got it because they were looking for something similar.
my favorite watch band.  i get so many compliments!
nice band and fits just right.
this watch band ambassador already become my favorite out of all the ones i own, and i’ve only had it for a day ♥️ it’s made so well and fits so comfortably..i’m definitely gonna have to order another one in another color
great product!
nice looking band. received many complements.
this is my favorite new watchband for my apple watch!  the color is beautiful, the quality is amazing for the price.
great product
love it!
love it! beautiful. great value.
i’m very like it . have a good day
beautiful, really nice looking, it firs perfectly
excellent, recommend it 100%
great looking band.
nice and i love it. it fits my narrow width
love it. excellent quality. why spend $509 on the original when this one is just like it.
love it
love. great quality for the price.
get compliments all the time
great price for the good quality!
i really like this band. like all cuffs, it needs time to break in and fit your wrist properly, but once it does, it's very comfortable. not great if you want it right away, but worth the wait.
superb
works well, just super stiff and not for tiny arms
this one works great and looks good.
i love the band and haven't had problems with it. i think its classy and beautiful band for more formal occasions​.
for those wondering, the length of the band is a bit longer than the one provided with the watch but not as long as the extra long one.  love the color and quality!  exactly what i wanted.  comfy but but classic.
quality leather (once it is broken in....looks better)
love this watch band. i plan on buying more in different colors
very nice product received it quickly and the item is as advertised
bought as a gift for a friend. i like the color and the double band. looks fabulous, considering getting my friend something else and keeping this for me 😂
beautiful band great quality
trendy and secure band!
this was what i was looking for...price was good..looks great on my wrist.
my wife loved it and the color was perfect.
nice band and easy to install for a different look.
only had this for about a week. so far a pretty nice band for the $$.
love love love this!! i have had it for a couple months now and it doesn't look worn at all!! its perfect!
this is a really really nice band! i would like to see it in other colors. overall no complaints
i love iti!
i just got the band today.  so, i will see how i feel after about a money and hope the band holds up.
great fit, looks nice and confortable on wrist.
very classy looking.
i love the way this looks!
works and looks great.  great value for the price.
great price, nice fit,  good quality.  i would purchase in another color i like the look of it when i am not using the rubber one when i exercise.
love this band! easy to install and comfy to wear. getting ready to buy more colors!
the leather is nicer than what i expected... it's no hermes but it is real leather. the stitching is nice and the buckle adds a nice touch.
very good product thanks.
love this band !!!! definitely pleased!
looks like hermes!  love it!
runs a little on the small side but fits fine.
as expected. perfect!
love the watch band!!
love this watch band! so easy to attach the watch- and a great price!
this watchband is just what i wanted. it’s comfortable and good quality.
love it
love the color
love this item.  it is great color and made well.
great leather band for the price! super comfortable too! stylish design. super easy to change the bands!
really nice strap perfect for the apple watch!
unreal deal and excellent craftsmanship at a friction of the apple band.
great band! looks perfect
the watch band has screws holding it in place the screw came out and watch band will not work
good quality, looks awesome!
love my beautiful leather valkit apple watch band! it is just how i was hoping it would be and the price was great and inexpensive!! i
this product met my expectations. it was well made and of the quality promised. the product was received timely and in perfect condition. thank you
thank you!
my daughter in law loves it
the band is attractive and adds great contrast to the watch.  i would certainly purchase this product again.
i love this watch band. it’s stylish and made very well.
i adore this band and get so many compliments on it. i do wish it was a bit less orange and more brown but other than that it is beautiful.
good quality
so comfortable and so cute! i love this band!!
love my band. get compliments on it all the time. definitely not cheap looking for the price!
looks exactly like the hermès band.  it is identical.
looks like original
amazing product i love it already thank you so much!!!
absolutely, love this band❣️rec'v so many compliments! worth every penny!
great product for the price! cute and comfortable. good buy!
love it!! the color is perfect with my rose gold watch!
a bit too large for a medium size wrist though ...
i love this band. i have a small wrist and was worried it would be to large. it fits great.
awesome band...will buy another one again with a different color.
great band. easy on and off. well made . looks good after several months of use.
i wore this yesterday (remember, wear red on fridays! remember everyone deployed) and it was very comfortable.
love! love! love! it's a great band. the quality is great and it's very stylish
love it and i'm always complimented.
bought this as a mother's day gift and my mom loved it. it is lightweight and the color is great. would buy again!
this band is nice looking, and probably after i wear it several times it will loosen up a little.
love my band. it's so different from the rest. fit is great and i do get it wet a lot but still looks brand new.
great band just a little too long. but it looks great
not so sure it is leather! but it fits, looks good, and was super affordable.
perfect
i wear this band everyday love it
love this band! very good quality and i love the color!
great quality, band is thicker than i thought! fits apple watch  perfect
love the band easy to put on ...
material looks good and nice quality. but it came broken. missing a screw that holds leather and to metal attachement. still give it 5 because i like the product.
great band. true to color of pic. would purchase again!
love it!
everything was good. band was a little tough and took a few days to "break in".  once softened easier to take watch on and off.
great quality
wow. i got the 38mm etoupe ("brownness") color single leather band. it is flexible, soft and feels good. it looks amazing. they did a great job matching this very difficult color to the apple watch band that is made by "h" in their stores. stitching looks great, smooth and straight, good thread color. the magnetic 'attachment' feels solid and easily went onto the watch and was strong and solid when on. easily 'detached' magnetically from watch. smooth to put on and off, i didn't feel like this would get stuck or damage the watch. this is a steal for less than $20. i do not wear daily, so i can't speak to overall wear, but for the price, start here, and i bet you'll be very happy. i will come back for other colors! (also beautiful packaging! would make a lovely gift!) please please keep making more colors and more h - like bands! great job!
great
arrived on time, and is just as stated.
wonderful quality. will be purchasing in other colors!
love! looks amazing on
excellent band! use it on a daily basis and it still works!
love it and get compliments on it all the time!
it's a little big so it slides around on my wrist a bit, but the color is great
super fast shipping and love the product!
i love this band. i get so many compliments on this band.
exactly what i wanted. it makes my watch so much prettier in my opinion, and the quality seems just fine for the reasonable price. thanks!
thank you!
nice watch band.  ordered more in other colors. worth the price
great color and i receive lots of compliments,
love it
nice weather, fashionable very similar to the high end fashion band that they sell at the apple store
i love this band. it looks beautiful and every time i wear it, i receive many compliments. i highly recommend it.
nice
good quality.
love it
very good quality for price! very happy with it.
so nicely made
excellent product..
greta product
product was just as stated and seller was very prompt with shipping. a+
better than imagined.  great bespoke look for the apple watch.
good quality.
fits well. wife loves it!
good
i love the band! it's very urban in style. price is great
great band! comfortable and stylish.
a++++
fit perfectly with my apple watch.
excellent quality! love it!
great
very nice; well made
fabulous!! looks and feels like real thing!
i love this band.  very nice quality.
so far i love it. adds a funky vibe to a geeky piece.
cute and nice!
fantastic band, nice quality - thick and soft, just needs a few wears to break in.
fits perfect amd looks great!
am very pleased with my watch band.  it is super cute and love the colour!
very attractive band. would recommend
the leather is soft and the band fits nicely(nothing poking or rubbing against my skin). however, i did deduct a star because the red isn't really red...more like a light red or even an orangish-red. it honestly might just be my idea of red should be a bit darker...i included pics regardless so you guys could get an idea.
love it
perfect fit.
love it!!!
love
perfect fit
love this band!!!!!
looks great
perfect!
just what i wanted.
i purchased this band as i wanted a colorful band that did not cost an arm and a leg to complement my apple watch. so far it is holding up and not showing heavy signs of wear. the material is a little stiff at first but softens with use. i ended up removing the thick band on it since it was too big for my wrist. it was a little hard to slide into my watch at first but it holds it pretty sturdy. for the price is a great product and much more fashionable than the standard apple rubber band.
very nice band.
great product but i got a rash. turned up 4 days after wearing it for 12 hours a day. not too terrible. i'm going to switch to the apple silicone one and see if it goes away. hopfully it does not have anything to do with the band quality or a new allergy since i don't have any allergies to begin with because i like the band so much. honestly though it is better quality than i thought and was going to buy all the other colors too. i'll still do that if this goes away.
love the band!  looks exactly like the hermes bands from apple.  the picture shows the band as being black, however it's more of a dark matte gray color in person.  my only complaint is that the back of the watch (that houses the sensors) do not completely touch my wrist.  however, this is more of an issue regarding my thin wrists.
band was perfect saved me tons of money.
very nicely packaged and seem to be nice quality.
let me start of by saying that i absolutely love this band! i've bought a couple of silicone bands, being both original apple ones and 3rd party ones but i've found them to be very uncomfortable, specially during those long day. the milanese loop looks really good but its way more uncomfortable than those, so i have been on the search for something that is stylish and comfortable at the same time. i went and ordered the single tour version in brown, and when it arrived i was extremely happy. it feel so light, and feels so nice too. it does not get annoying like the other bands and i dont have to keep shifting it or adjusting it during the day either! the quality seems to be pretty alright, the band stays in place firmly, specially on the little claps that connect to the watch body. the leather is nice but i do feel like after some time of wear it might get damaged which is why i am giving it 4 stars. after a few days of usage i have noticed that the part that i bend is when i put it on has started to take the bent shape, think of it like you belt, if you take it off, and bend it, it will leave an impression. it isnt bad yet, but within a few months it most likely will be. it also depends on what color you, some of the others might be better than others. i will update later on, on how it is holding up. but this still holds up the number one spot for me, i love the way this band looks and how comfortable it actually is.  i received this item at a discount to review and i am giving my honest and unbiased opinion on the product. i included pictures so take a look!
i’ve always kind of wanted a hermès-esque band, but unless you want to plop down some serious change, getting a genuine hermès band isn’t possible. ... until now!
valkit(tm) genuine leather smart watch band cuff  (blue)
as the apple watch user base grows, we are seeing more competition among band makers. i recently purchased the blue (i would call it teal) cuff by valkit for my wife. after about a week of wear, she seems very happy with the purchase. especially after receiving compliments from her friends. quick take: i think the valkit band is a good balance of affordability and quality.
definitely a departure from the typical aftermarket band you'll see for your apple watch.  is it just me, or are they all pretty much a knockoff of the milanese loop?
the apple watch band cuff arrived on time. this cuff is a beauty, it's a bit on the lighter brown color. it is made of good quality and the stitching looks great. it really does look and feel like a very expensive band! it fits perfectly on my wrist and feels great, it's very comfortable. it was very easy to install which is great. this band is a great alternative from the very expensive hermes band, it looks great and the price is great as well!
i got the single loop brown leather band for use with my wife's 38mm rose gold apple watch.
i got this watch band in the white crocodile pattern, which i believe is very pretty and chic- i'd rate this watch band at a little above-average quality. the valkit apple watch band appears to be high quality, looks as if it is genuine leather. however, it's not something you would find at a high end jewlery store. nonetheless, it is still a great watch band. it has a smooth feel and is comfortable to wear. while hooking the band to the watch, the connectors seemed like they may pose a problem in the future. they have worked well for now, but they seem to be lower-quality than the actual leather band itself. i'm giving this watch band 4 stars for two reasons. one being, the connectors for the watch are not super sturdy and i believe if anything would wear down on the watch- it could be the connectors. the second reason being that the watch runs very small. my wrists are not tiny, however i wouldn't say my wrists are overly large either. they are average, maybe a hair above average size. as you can see in the photo, i have the watch band hooked on the very last hole, and it is snug (not tight) but snug, with very little room to move it on my wrist. which is a good thing, because the watch will not be spinning around or ending up, upside down on my wrist. but i believe if you're wrists are any larger than mine (and i am a female) you may have a problem with the watch fitting properly. again, this is for the white crocodile pattern watch band- maybe the other styles fit differently. i received this product at a discounted price in exchange for my honest and unbiased review. overall, i think the watch feels and looks great. for the price, it is an above-average band. make sure to look into the measurements of the band & know your own wrist size before purchasing! :) if you found this review helpful, please let me know!
very well done. every single detail is precis. it comes even with a mini screwdriver. totally satisfied with my purchase. i am getting one for my husband! it fits the watch perfectly with no effort and holds the watch safely. it is very classy and you can combine it with any outfit. love it!
this band seems like a genuine leather since i can sense the smell of leather. but it may not be a top grade leather and it is a little bit thin and i don't know how long it can last. other than that, it does have very good looking. i was hesitated to get it since the buckle is silver only and i have a gold sport version. however when i received it, they match each other amazingly.
bought several of these bands. they fit well, are pretty sturdy-good quality. love that they come in different colors to coordinate with my wardrobe.
this watch band looks really nice on the watch.  i have rose gold 38 mm.  it's firm out of the package though, and takes awhile for the band to soften up--that's my only complaint, as i like the bands to be really soft and super comfortable.  i'm sure i just need to wear this watch band longer for it to continue to soften--it's only been a few days since i started to wear it.  the band is great for wanting to dress up your watch for a night out!
wife wears it as a flight attendant and gets tons of compliments i don’t know if it has anything to do with the watch band because she’s a gorgeous woman
i have fairly small wrists and wear it on one of the smallest holes. so far the strap has been comfortable for everyday wear and has gotten softer and more pliable the more i wear it.
with this band being switched it absoulty instantly transforms from sporty (with regular band) to showing you are about business we got it for going out special occasions i did not switch it out but my hubby did it even came with minture screw driver in the box so if giving it as a gift it comes in a set box with clear packaging top . nice
i bought this for special occasions such as parties, meetings, or nights out. this is great to use instead of always wearing my sports band. i chose black so i could match with all of my clothes. i loved it!
after a couple days of wearing it the leather formed to my wrist and fit well.  love the bright white color.  it looks really fancy and i have received many compliments. easy to put on the watch.
i absolutely love the band. grey is a hard color to find, thanka\s to your company, i am sooo pleased
i love this watch strap. i have the rose gold watch and like to change it when i go out on a night out for iy to look better.
i really love this apple watch band! it's fashionable, a really great price, and is super comfortable. i highly recommend it!
little long , but i can use and like this color!
i got this product to review for free and it fit my apple watch perfect. nice way to dress up my watch fast. easy switching and connection.
cute. came on time.
love this! i was suprised at the quality for the price... a must-have for anyone who owns an apple watch.
this band is what i was looking for. i bought the 38mm double tour brown watchband. fits apple watch perfectly, looks more dressy than the original equipment. easy to lock on and get off, great quality and price!
probably the best leather band that i've purchased from amazon! leather feels good, i like the double tour design.
fits great.
i love this band it slides in securely and feels great on. it gives the apple watch a very stylish look the leather material is very nice quality
it looks great and it works with my all black iwatch! very comfortable, great genuine leather.
love it. came a few days early and fits and looks great!! i recommend it!
color of band is just as you see it! great quality! i love the band!
great
goooddddddd
really classy upgrade for the apple watch. great fit & finish.
looks just like the photo. holds up and wears well. totally recommend to anyone who wants a stylish and functional watch band for their apple watch
i like to change my bands frequently and i have tried several companies. this one is by far the best quality. it is beautifully packaged, the band is well made and durable. i get tons of compliments on it. most people who compliment me on it think it’s a much higher price point. i have bought this on several colors and will likely buy few more.
product seems of great quality. fit perfectly and looks great! have already received compliments on it.
great product
none
i love love love this band. the stitching and color are on point! feels great and fits perfect. worth the money. don’t hesitate, get it!!
love it. fits kind of small. but i have larger wrists.
i've never been really a fan of apple watches, primarily because of the band. i feel like they're bulky and incredibly masculine. however, this band was the perfect fit. although, it goes around your wrist twice the size doesn't bother me. it's stylish and unique. i've gotten several compliments.
love it! tons of compliments
great quality and it looks good
it looks exactly as pictured! leather and stitching is great. easy to install. came with a screwdriver and 4 small screws although i’m not sure what they’re for. there aren’t any instructions included in the packaging.
good quality and stylish!
great looking. even wear it in the water. get lots of compliments on it. good value!
sturdy and lovely in person.
looks virtually identical to the original hermes brand. leather feels good too.  i have both the original hermes as well as the v-moto generic band - i have attached side-by-side comparison photos to this review. honestly even in person you can not tell the difference between the two - the only real difference is that you don't get the hermes watch face. the only difference i can observe is the lack of the hermes logo on the watch buckle, and that the stitching is slightly closer together on the actual hermes watch band vs this one. but it is not obvious and barely noticeable (see the photos).
so in love with this band!!
i ordered another band from valkit brand but two days later the screw came undone and my band broke. amazon refunded me the money so i ordered this brand. it is a little darker tan than the other brand but still is very nice. i can tell the quality difference this one seems more sturdy and no screws . i have the series 3
i’m wearing this band right now. i couldn’t wait to put it on; it’s so beautiful! i ordered two bands at the same time, both were double tours. the other band was from banerion, which is also beautiful. this one is on my wrist right now because it’s not only beautiful but also comfortable. the leather is soft and supple and immediately felt natural on my wrist. it was super easy to install and appears to be very well made. if the packaging is any indication, a good deal of care was put into its creation. the packaging is every bit as sleek and well fabricated as the original from which it’s inspired. i will say that the color of the leather is a bit darker than the picture and darker than i’d hoped. still, i’m very happy with the band, so i’m giving it a full 5 stars. my only regret is that i bought 3 bands at $49 each from the big fruit company before i realized that such excellent alternate products existed on amazon. i could’ve gotten 6 gorgeous leather bands for less than i’d spent on 3 fabric and silicone ones. grrrr. still, i’m happy i found these before plunking down $450 for the leather ones of the original. that’s way too much to spend for a teeny logo. this is an excellent buy and even if it only lasts a few months before falling apart, it’s worth the money. i’m betting, though, that this will last much longer. i would recommend getting a band lighter than you think you want if it’s available, because leather does tend to darken with wear.
so i've had this band a couple of weeks now and i love it . its sturdy, the clips are good and secure, and it feels great. is it real leather? i don't thinks so but still its a great band. i plan on getting it in brown, i have the black 1 .
price can't be beat, and even at the slowest shipping, it arrived promptly. i had tried one of these bands by another seller. even though i managed to buckle that one (barely) it cut off the blood flow to my arm—and i knew i had to send it back. the vilo v-moro band is more generous in length, and wisely asks buyers to measure their wrist size. which i strongly recommend. my wrists aren't that large, but they aren't that petite either. luckily, i do fall under the 6.50" max size. i still have to use the final buckle hole in the strap, but the strap looks as advertised on my arm, with some give, and a lot of style. in short, is the hermes clone to buy if you don't have the super petite wrists so many of these bands seem to require.
i absolutely love this leather double strap apple watch band! when i got my series 3 apple watch for christmas, i really wanted the hermès double tour band, but it's like $1000! after searching a bit, i found this band which is identical in style, and the quality is just as great (although i have never owned the hermès version. at first, i was a bit confused and couldn't figure out how to close the clasp, but later after reading the helpful enclosed instructions, i discovered that the strap goes through the second metal opening. overall, this is a great quality band, prime shipping, and for the price you really can't lose. i've received so many compliments already asking me if it is the hermès double tour strap, and my reply is "nope! it's amazon!"
i'm obsessed with how cute this band is but i don't like that it's a hard time to get the band to not wrap under the watch, which makes me constantly have to re enter my passcode.
i really love the band. the only downside is that i have a 38mm watch and the edges stick out (see picture). i ordered the 38mm and the box says 38mm but it seems a little too big. nowhere on the band says the size as one of the pictures shows. i can only return the item, not exchange, so that's what i'll be doing. 😕
this watch band is so incredibly comfortable and cute. i have a 6” wrist, so i’m always concerned something will look too big and bulky or i will have tons of extra wrist band. this one is perfect! it’s nice and clean looking with just a little bit of edge. great with jeans or business wear.
**update** i contacted the seller about my broken band and they sent me a replacement band in a timely fashion at no extra cost.  i have updated my rating to 5 stars.
this is a nice band, much cheaper than the apple alternative, however, i find it or try small to be double wrapped.  i'm not a large women and i had trouble wrapping it twice.
i am updating my review, because the seller of this watchband actually contacted me right away after i posted my review and sent me an upgraded watch band. i have actually been wearing it now for a week straight and it is so nice and comfortable! i am very very pleased with the seller and the replacement band they sent me :)
i loved this band and i used it for a while. the problem is that the watch sensor has to constantly touch your skin to to keep the passcode screen from appearing and because this band's loop twice, at one point during the day, it will overlap and you skin will loose touch with the back of the watch causing you to have to type the passcode way too often. i am not sure if it's this particular model, but i fear the original one sold by apple does not cause this problem.
purchased back in 2016 and it's now wearing out. greatest watch band i've ever purchased. i continue to get great compliments and people asking about this watch band that i'm considering purchasing another to replace this one after it's been worn out-loved the color and texture and it goes with everything i wear. casual but dressier look that the bands i use for working out.
a great buy if you don't want to spend $100s on the same thing at apple.  i got mine in black and i get tons of compliments.  should get compensated for all the referrals, because all my friends are buying them up too.
i was worried when i ordered this band that it would be too big.  i have a very small wrist and it can be a problem with watch bands.  fortunately the small size fit wonderfully!  i really love this band.  it isn't quite as distressed looking as the picture leads you to believe.  but i still love it!
the band fits me righ - it is soft leather, well done and stylish ! i was worried to order becausevtge 10%+ bad review but i should not - i reccomend it! it is like pictured!  i just boght it so i dont know how long it lasts - i still wear my original rubber one to workout and around the house. the instructions in the box is misleading - the seller should place a sticker on it
leather is so smooth that it almost looks fake--which is different than what i would normally get. (it does seem to be real, though!!) fits the apple watch well. easy to put together, tight and uniform stitching. i get a lot of complements on this band. overall very good product that i'm sure i'll wear a long time.
i really wanted the hermes strap for my watch.. but unfortunately the price wasn't what i could afford to pay. so i searched & search until i stumbled upon this one. the reviews were great & it looked almost identifical to the hermes.. so i ordered it. and i couldn't be more pleased! it smells great.. feels great.. and looks great. it has 12 holes so it can fit even the smallest wrist. i wouldn't recommend it if you have larger wrist.. i have a small wrist and i'm 4 holes away from the "largest" fit. pictures for proof. but other then that... this product is amazing!!
my original band arrived broken. v-moro provides me with a return and sent a new band. their customer service is wonderful. the band is really pretty, a little stiff at first which i expected. it is breaking in nicely. i will buy product from this company again. thank you, v-moro!
the company contacted me after a problem with the first one and replaced it quickly. the new one is great. no issues and the dye is sealed so my wrist doesn’t turn yellow. the metal parts seem cheap but are holding up. the new one has a different color, though. the brown is much lighter.
i really like this band - reminds me of the hermes band.  i have received multiple unsolicited compliments.  i feel dressier and more put together when i wear it.  price point is great for what you get why 4 stars and not 5?  i wish the hardware matched my rose gold case... its not too noticeable but it would be nicer with rose gold hardware.  also, it doesn't have a rich leather look, more like an everyday inexpensive leather. overall would buy again and recommend that you do to.
this watch band was a little too small, but the quality was great.  a little stiff at first but as it is real leather i will meld with time. the size was not the seller/makers fault but my own as i did not measure my wrist.
i get so many compliments on this band! it does have a slightly weathered look now that i've been using it for 5-ish months (on and off -- i switch my bands according to my outfit), but it doesn't look bad.
i like the watch band, it's not an especially superior quality of leather. but, it is put together well, fits my apple watch perfectly and it also looks very nice on.  you can even wear the watch band without the wide cuff, two looks for the price of one. the strap could have been a little longer though, i have to wear it in the last two hole punches. i believe it is exactly as advertised.
i really like this watch band! i would recommend it.  my issue with it is it's really big! even with it double wrapped, my watch twists too much & is always on the inside of my wrist.  can't read the face & there is the possibility of breaking or scratching my watch face. unfortunately, it's sitting my drawer.
quality is good, looks stylish. this is a nice leather band, feels like good quality. good alternative to the ridiculously priced hermes double loop. only issue with the band, it doesn't allow the watch to sit flush against your wrist which sometime triggers the watch to believe it is not on your wrist which stops the notifications. this is because of the design. i am very happy with the look, feel and quality of the band.
i had a feeling that for the price it wouldn't match the official apple hermes cuff band but i was wrong. it matches apples brand exactly and it looks and feels incredible and for a fraction of what the official apple version is selling for. since i have a tiny wrist i had to poke an extra hole into the band between where it was "just a little tight" and "just a little loose" for me for the notch to go through but it's not anything to really complain about. this band will fit 95% of people perfectly.
there is a drop of glue right next to the watch that is visible! it's still ok for the price. it's leather i'm sure and the color is perfect.
i ordered this and a gold cover for my watch and i love the look of it. the band is surprisingly soft for the price, i've already received a lot of compliments on it.
it fits very nicely and the stitching on the leather is good, i am interested to see how long the band lasts with wearing it a couple times a week.  customer service was great regarding my concern of the quality of the leather.
i got this for my wife as a gift. the exact one i got was the brown double tour for 38mm watch. it looks and feels like real leather and the stitching is even and neat. my wife loves it and wears it every day. so far it has held up to her wearing it every day for several months with no signs of wearing out or breaking.
have been wearing this band for just a few days but it is very comfortable and stylish.  a little tricky to buckle but once you do it a few times, it's easy.  the leather is thin and supple and looks like it will wear well.
love this band, i actually started wearing my apple watch 2 instead of my gear s3 because of this band. feels great, leather seems great quality. in just one week of ownership i have already receive multiple compliments on the watch
this band is exactly as ordered. however, when using the band, it slips under the watch and breaks the watches connection, so the watch locks. the quality is great.
it's really very pretty. solid and durable. unfortunately, it doesn't fit. my wrist is a little on the big side and it's quite painful to wear this band. i wish they made it just like half an inch or a full inch longer. :( so the lack of a star is because the description doesn't say for what size wrists it would fit. 38mm is just the size of the watch face itself.
got this for the girl - she loves it, and has told me colleagues at her media agency have assumed it cost a fortune (she got it as an alternative to the expensive hermes brand).
fell in love with it right when i put it on! shared it on my facebook and instagram and immediately people were wondering where i got it from. it looks like the actual hermes band. i just hope it lasts, seems like it will but only time will tell! i'm waiting to see if i should get the other colors :)
i actually am really enjoying this band for my iwatch. i thought that it would be weird and uncomfortable, but its not. it does that a little getting used too because i had the sports band for years, but all-in-all, great product, highly recommend!
i am amending my review.  the seller immediately contacted me and offered  to make this right.  they were super conscientious, and couldn't have been more gratuitous. the band seems to be exactly the same as the one i purchased from the apple store.  a good value.
arrived as described, and quickly.
just as advertised. nice product and sale and shipping went smoothly. however, it doesn't lay flat on your wrist very easily or continually so it forces your apple watch to go into lock mode often which is a bit frustrating. i believe any manufacturer of this design would have this issue; it's just the style of the strap. i love the look though.
nicely constructed band that attached easily to my watch; however, it is much too large for my 165mm wrist. the band tab stuck out over the watch face so ended up returning it.
good quality leather. the person i bought this for loves it and gets compliments on it. initially, we had a problem with the clasp but the company that makes this read my review and send me another one. this one works perfect and the clasp works great. apparently the first one we received was just a fluke.
i got the brown double tour.  i have a small wrist so i was worried about the band sliding under the watch, making it difficult to read my pulse, etc.  it stays put even with my small wrist.  i love the color and it doesn’t look cheap.  the only con is the length, this was the small but was still too long for me but then again i do have small wrists.  will order in another color.
are you kidding? for the money, this is a great band for small wrists. i have a very small wrist and most leather bands are too big (so watch doesn't detect my skin) but this one fits perfectly. highly recommend (glad i ignored the reviews). yes, metal looks inexpensive but the leather looks great.
made for small wrists. looked high quality. i’ll nevee know because my wrists are tree trunks.
love how this watch band fits. i'm a bit more a bohemian...and it goes lovely with my jewelry.
i like it because it is like a leather wrap bracelet.  i get a lot of compliments on it.  the only downside would be that since it is a wrap, the watch sometimes loses contact with your arm and locks itself.  not really a big deal since you aren't using this for exercise purposes.  i love it.
i like the design and feel. originally, i thought that the hook on the clasp did not work well enough to secure the watch to my wrist, but the seller's provided excellent customer service and showed me how to properly affix the band, and now both me and my husband love to wear the bands. we both have the cuffs and the double tours. does not work.
i have always loved this double strap look and at the perfect price, i couldn’t pass it up. be sure to put it on correctly so your watch can rest evenly on your wrist.
within a few weeks of normal wear, the pin fell out that holds the apple watch face. disappointed.
great value! high quality and allows for a nicer band for iwatch than other apple alternatives! will but again in another color
classy band. fits perfect. good quality. i would highly recommend these bands! i bought two of them.
love this watch band.  leather is gorgeous and the price is just right!  i get so many compliments on this band.
possibly the best brown leather band i've seen/worn. i use this band regularly and have had it for several months now. band offers a supple feeling, as good leather should. seems pretty durable as well. definitely recommended this to a few others already, who've made the same purchase and love it as well. i'm very picky about the bands i buy, i've tried other leather bands from various brands and they just felt loose and fake.
i love the way this watch looks! i was not 100% satisfied with the way the product fit, and the staff was more than helpful in finding the perfect match for me. their customer service is what all companies should strive to be!
great quality product, beautiful leather. customer service friendly seller.
i initially commented on the buckle tongue being short.. but apparently i was wearing it wrong.. stupid me.. my apologies! watch is perfect. thanks for responding.. a+++
had some issues with the first band but the computer made it right and she loves her new band 👍
really nice gift. leather is a bit “newer” than i expected but its very nice. it was received very well from my daughter.
bought it for my sister. looks amazing. she says it feels super nice. great quality. no idea why you would buy the one through apple that cost 30x as much. if you are looking for s double tour band. just get this one. you won't regret it.
has the great hermes look without the crazy price tag. very satisfied with the strap, although has shown wear where the strap bends to buckle so took a star for that, but really it's not super noticeable unless you look really close. i will recommend to friends wanting the same great looking strap!
the band looks great! but it does feel awkward. i’m sure i’ll get used to it. i’ve gotten several compliments too!
high quality for a low price. i would get it again without question.
i purchased this product and it was too big for my wrist. this company sent me out a different band free of charge. the quality is really nice and this companies customer service is excellent! went above and beyond my expectations i will definitely order products from them in the future!!
i originally purchased the double tour band. i fell in love with it but unfortunately my wrist was too small. the end of the strap was sticking up past my watch. contacted company thinking i may have accidentally ordered the wrong thing and they sent me a single tour instead. amazing customer service and wanted to make sure i was happy. still in love with the double tour though. should make a modified shorter strap for people stuck with tiny wrists!
very nice very comforting no stitches ever came loose and was used for a year the parts that connect to the watch broke ordered a new one and just swapped on on part
it's a nice band. the double buckle makes it look more alike to the real thing.
quality is good, looks stylish.
love the look but because the nature of the bands- apple watch loses contact with wrist often
comfortable, well made, exactly what i was looking for! deducted one star because i have big wrists and have to wear this on the last "rung" of the watch band. would love a longer strap option to go with my smaller watch.
left a easy to wash off stain the first couple times my wife wore it. but she still wears it occasionally and likes it.
love this so much, i bought it for myself and one for my boss.
looks and feels great, i've had a ton of compliments on it, and can't beat the price. i wish the clasp at the bottom felt a little bit more premium
i purchased this in late spring and i wore it often throughout the summer. it has held up well. looks nice and i get lots of compliments.
received it well packed in a small box. smells and feels like genuine leather. havent used it yet , started off with the jtech milanese loop also in the same order. item seems well made. will update again when i have used it for at least over a month to see how it wears.
the item was delivered in a timely manner. the item is sturdy and strong enough to withstand roughness (bought it for my 12 year old) and my son absolutely loves the style and thickness.
looks great and fits perfect on my 38mm iwatch.
really great bands!! i have the brown one and the light pink one. very cute. durable and they look great!!
this product is exactly as advertised. it especially looks good with my gold colored bumper.
my son asked for this. he likes it. the price is right; but, considering the price, the quality is just ok. still it's fun to wear and a great gift for an apple watch wearer.
i needed to cut a piece from the end of the band because it was overlapping the actual watch. my wrist is very small, but anyways.
i’ve only had it for less than a week but it seems to be decent quality. i’ve worn it once and it looked and fit great!
absolutely pleased with the quality and durability of this product!!! the packaging is very nice and crisp. i’ve gotten several compliments on my watch band and i’m always so excited to say i got it on amazon!! the price is great! i definitely recommend this product it won’t disappoint you!!
a lot of the cheap bands on amazon are not the quality you would want to wear every day.  this manufacturer makes a real quality band for a decent price.  i've bought two more since this post.
i just got it a few days ago and so far i'm very happy with the product! the brown was a little lighter than expected and it's still very stylish! also, the product is made for people with tiny wrists (as you see in the picture i have it third to last hole) but luckily i fit that catorgory! the band feels as secure or more than the sport band my apple watch came with! i can wear this band with no worries and styling it with outfits! it's a very nice product and it's worth the money!
wow it’s a beautiful watch band it’s comfortable when i wear it it does not pinch. it looks so beautiful on .
it's awesome! looks great, i love it. color is true to photo and i think the quality for the price is amazing. i have a very small wrist about 6-6.25" comfortably and this fits perfect.
really like this band. the leather was soft right out of the package, not stiff at all.
extremely comfortable and so darn stylish!
i bought this band because i am in love with the hermes version, but not willing to spend the hermes money. i am glad i bought the cheaper option. it looks great on, but it was super annoying because i have to constantly adjust the band which keeps disappearing under my watch face. as you know, there are sensors under the watch to determine pulse, heart rate, etc, so if the band is under the watch, this can't happen. it also prevents you from being able to sign in without a password. it was annoying enough for me to stop wearing it after a month or so and switch back to my black sport band. the quality of the watch is good, leather held up well and i love the color, its stunning in person, but i am glad to have spent just $30 on this and not make a more expensive mistake.
wear everyday!! please make more
my boyfriend really enjoys his new look for his iwatch. thank you all soo much
i love it. the one i purchased had a worn in leather look and i was really surprised at how nice it was. price point was awesome and i would totally give this as a gift. it arrived in 2 days with prime so that was a bonus.
i love this watch band... easy to put on... the leather is nice and soft... a nice band that fits a thick wrist..
looks cool. the double loop makes it a little awkward to get the tightness of the band right though. nonetheless, the vendor v-moro also has a great customer service department, and they are more than willing to help with any issues. i highly recommend purchasing their bands.
i love this watch band! i have gotten more complements on it then the black stainless one that came with the watch!! it is very comfortable and at least once a day someone tells me how nice it is, i also purchased the band for my cousin as well and he loves it too and receives lots of compliments too!
this is a beautiful watch band, sadly it would not fit around my wrist. my wrist measures 7 inches. the seller was incredible to do business with so i am very pleased with the resolution. would gladly purchase again!
very nice leather band, however the screws that go into my adapter that connect to the watch come loose all the time and i have to rescrew them in. besides that i like this band.
love this style. i have a small wrist so i took it to a my friend who repairs shoes. he cut it to my size and it looks amazing. he told he the leather was very good quality.
i love this double wrap genuine leather band, very hermes! great colour, the leather is quite stiff but i am hoping it will soften with wear.  i get lots but of compliments when wearing it.  i bought the longer length and if fits well with some extra length.
got it for a gift for my wife 5 months ago. she gets tons of compliments on it still. only complaint is that the holes are starting to show some wear. for the price though, it’s a pretty solid band!
a little small, but nice band.
i just love it! it’s very comfortable unlike the rubber one that comes with watch
my hubby ordered this watch band for me......pleasantly surprised, nice leather put it on my watch immediately. looks just like the name brand hermes but, without busting the bank. thank you.
this is exactly as described and is beautifully put together. just be sure not to get the underside wet as it will begin to discolor but does not affect the exterior. edges and seems may darken over time.
love.
i like the style and it was easy to put on. i wish it was a little more flexible because the band shifts and the watch face ends up on the side of my wrist often. still doesn’t stop me from wearing it though! overall i really like it.
i couldn’t believe my luck when i found these apple watch bands on amazon. very stylish!
i love this... very stylish and durable!
updated: the first band i received was not locking in place properly. the seller replaced immediately free of charge. excellent customer service. great product. i love the watch and it fits great.
love it!! fits great and looks even better on!
very good material. i am very happy with this purchase:)
absolutely great. surpassed expectations. this is now my favorite apple watch band
bought for my daughter's boyfriend.  he loved it.
love the apple watch band. i received this band on time by the seller. this is a great quality band and i get so many compliments on my band.
love this band.  great color.  even looks good with the space gray watch.  i get compliments on it everyday.
the product is very good.  the price is matched to the quality.  i think the leather is satisfactory.  this band  looks very much like the one apple watch hermes, sells for 1500.00. it fits nice, the only possible  issue is:i might take it to a watch repair store to put a better quality buckle hardware on the leather.  i have not yet used it for more than just trying on because i'm home having lazy day on couch.
love love this band... quality is good (real leather or not). very comfortable and adjustable. looks just like the hermès one. very happy
everyone asks if i have the hermes band for my apple watch. great color that does not bleed or become faint. really great quality.
pretty surprised! surprised first because i ordered one specifically with black clasps and a buckle, and yet it came in silver. bit of a disappointment. but surprised at how comfortable and how well it pulls off an illusion of class. very nice. better product details would be nicer though.
it's cute but it always switches my watch to lock mode. the band crosses under the sensor, therefore locking it and it won't get text or calls or track my steps. cute but impractical...quite unhappy. edit**** they quickly apologized and gave me a full refund!!! very nice people! i'm a happy camper now
the watch bands are a good quality with a nice look to go with a casual or dressy style. easy to put on and off. great price!
this was an amazing 20$ purchase! nice leather and for a second i seriously had my sister believing it was hermès! haha so good
***update: gave 4 stars due to great customer service. they sent me a new replacement free of charge to replace the broken on ***loved when i got it, but after only wearing it a handful of times, a piece of the metal fitting (that slides into the watch face) broke.  now the band doesn't stay locked in.
perfect. looks really nice. great quality. real leather. very pleased, and so excited to wear it.
the band color and it's quality is more than what i expected, the most important thing for me is that it was designed for 42mm watch which is hard to find a great double band for this size.
love this band. i’ve always liked wearing wide watch bands so when i got an apple watch i was thrilled to be able to have a wide band again. good quality, fits great, looks great.
this band is amazing... i'll definitely order it in another color.
pretty comfortable but the leather feels cheap. the longer i wear it the more i like it though.
love it! quality is excellent
very classy ! great quality. another wonderful variation on the apple watch.
awesome, hermes look but not the ridiculous price tag.
comfortable and fashionable. fits 42 i watch perfectly
i get so many compliments on this! i love it!
i was amazed at how beautiful this band is. it looks like the picture. feels nice.
great band, don't know if it fits as it's supposed to.
great quality! bought in two colors.
i bought the crazy horse brown and very pleased - it is not a stiff leather, looks worn-in (in a good way) and more expensive. it slipped right into my apple watch and is comfortable. pleasantly surprised by this watch band.
this is a great band after using it a couple days.... be came very flexible works great with my iwatch
a bit thicker than i thought but still doable.
i absolutely love it!!! it looks beautiful! i want to buy it in different colors now
this is great quality and a great dupe for the hermès band.
the band looks great and fits well. the leather is ok, but it feels a tad cheap. when attaching the strap to the watch, the ends don't slide into the watch as smoothly and easily as the apple sport band. but you just need to nudge it in gently.
have been wanting one of these for some time now; however, i wasn't fond of some of the brown leathers out there. i came across this one and love it!! a little stiff at first, but after a few days really softened up and i couldn't be happier with my purchase!
just got my band and oh my gosh! i'm super impressed! looks just like the picture! i can't wait to show it off tomorrow. 👍🏽
love the color. it is exactly like the picture. super cute and comfortable for a small or medium sized wrist. the material definitely not leather but it is very nice and durable for the price
very secure band.
very happy with my purchase. doesn’t look cheap at all and hope it can last a decent time. fits perfectly with the new iwatch.
get the hermes look for hundreds less. nice quality. word.
very elegant
excelent for the price. grate fit. looks beautiful
item as described
i am enjoying this band so far. if you like the look of the hermes apple watch band but can't afford the expensive price tag this band is a good twin alternative. it looks just as good as the original!
love this band and it looks great.
wish i would have ordered this sooner! i've looked at it a couple of times and always waited. it is exactly what i was looking for. be careful if you have a larger wrist it may not fit. i had to stretch it. good quality.
absolutely love it! it’s a gorgeous color and can be wrapped several ways. very durable and stylish! very comfortable too!
but i sent it back b/c my wrist is too small for it.
honestly the only band i wear on my apple watch now. it’s so expensive looking and just amazing quality. will buy again and again!!
very nice
absolutely love this band - many compliments.
so far, so good! this is the second double tour band i have purchased. it quickly shipped and seems to be good quality. the pins at the clasps gave me trouble on the last one, let's hope this stands the test of time foe a while.
i really wanted the hermes band, but i couldn't justify spending that much on a watch band. i'm so happy i found this one, i absolutely love it and wear my watch more now with this band than i did with the milanese band when i bought the watch.
it fits perfectly! the leather actually feels nice, it's not all stuff like i was afraid. the connectors to slide in the apple watch are sturdy. wouldn't recommend if you have fat wrists.
great quality and service!
great product
great watch band! i have received so many complements while wearing this because it looks very nice and well made.
it really comes like the photo exactly
purchased the cuff band, and i absolutely love it, came in nice packaging and easy to put on , and i love that it's a 2 in one band, the cuff and the single tour
love it
the band was awesome! the quality of it is extremely good! i have been using this band non stop since i got it and the cool thing is that you can take the skinny straps out of the cuff and wear it like that too! so you get two bands in one pretty much.
exactly what i was expecting.  color is not as dark as the picture but with time it's been weathered a bit which is what i wanted. perfect band and very easy to take this on and off.
i can say too many information about this product. the qualitiy suprised me! in the first moment, i guessed i had bought a apple band. i have weared in business day with my suit tie!
very good so far, great price hopping it last! because i really like it.
good 😊
don't get wet or it will turn green!!!
great band but too big for smaller female wrists. i have this issue with 42mm bands because manufactures assume it is for a larger male wrist. bummed out. wish this came in a smaller size but still catered to the 42mm watch.
if you are looking for a double tour leather band, this is a really good one.
gave this product a 5 because of its aesthetic. i wanted the look which is trendy.
this is a very soft leather band.  i had gotten a previous leather band for the hubby and he said it was stiff and didn't like it (i could tell since he wouldn't wear it) he apparently is not a cuff guy and i was able to take the band off the cuff .... he wears it to work all the time and gives the guys who have the hermes bands a hard time because they were foolish enough to pay all that money.  he now has a bunch of bands he changes out and the guys with hermes bands only have the one ... the all love that he changes his bands out to match his clothes or activity (he does switch to a sport band when he works out)
i was truly surprised with this band.  for the price my expectation was set low, and it blew it away. it looks good, feels good. would buy again.
i usually don’t write reviews but this strap is pretty great, i highly recommend!
this is a nice watchband - so far the quality is great.  fit my watch perfectly
the band color is lighter than the picture, but i still like it and will wear it. it does appear that it will crack easily, though.
gets mistaken for the hermes band all the time! very comfortable and high quality. looks great and i am so happy with this purchase!
this is the second v-moro  band i’ve purchased. the first got stolen from my luggage on an international flight.
love this band so much. fits perfect and not cheap at all
very, very, very good quality! i'm amazed!
the color was perfect as shown
amazing i’d deff buy over and over. it’s fire idc.
i like this band.  the quality is really nice.  only drawback is that i have a small wrist so it looks a bit bulky.  otherwise, it is a good band and i believe it will last a long time.
the exact look i was going for!
it's a tiny bit darker in person. had it for a couple of months now and i still love it!
no complaints. fast shipping.
exactly what i was looking for for the right price. beats spending all that money for the hermès one for sure
my wife is super happy with this band - she has a hermes series 1, so it loves having alternative colours that fully look the part. no issues with quality and for the price this is awesome!
really nice quality.! have to wear it for a bit to get used to it, kinda “stiff”. which is to be expected with leather 😉
love this band, the color is the aa a showing in the pic and awesome customer service!
not as thick as i imagined it would be but very good quality and i am always getting compliments on how nice it is. feels way more secure than the band that came with my apple watch sport. i'm very happy with it for what i paid
retro leather band is quite preferable,the feeling of the material is soft and color is natural
this was a gift. the person it went to seemed very happy with it
wife loves it!
looks just like the hermes and feels great.  i would totally recommend if you like that brown leather hermès but don’t want to pay hundreds.
i was afraid of what i may get because of the price. i was pleasantly surprised when it arrived, it looks great and i love it. i will be buying more bands from this supplier.
original shipment was missing pieces. after a refund vmoro sent me a free one that worked.
good looking watch band!
love this band! fits great and looks great! i want another color!
excellent quality and looks terrific!! i’m goi g to buy the black one too!
fits nicely, i've had no issues. i get tons of compliments!
i like the looks of the band however i wish it was real leather. made well for what you pay otherwise.
strap hasn’t been worn yet. it was purchased as a christmas gift. box and product are as described.
easy to change out. nice quality.
have this on right now, great watch band & quality is superb.
great quality for the price! i've gotten so many compliments off this watch band already!
i really love my new watch band! it fits great and it looks really good on my wrist.
work
the product exceeded my expectations and it was delivered same day. amazing
absolutely love! excellent quality.
great quality
great quality, looks expensive, gorgeous color. super happy with my purchase!
very nice. color s nice. good quality.
lots of complements! and is comfortable on the wrist.
thank you for the replacement band! great customer service.
people who have thin wrist are too big for this size but overall, it is a nice quality wrist band.
love this stylish v-moro band!  really great quality leather and love to wear it with my western attire, boots, skirts or jeans!
bought this band for my lady and she loves it.
good product.
i love the look of this band and the quality is nice. i would definetly recommend
love it, fits perfectly and the leather color is exactly what i was looking for.
love the band! very stylish.
works great!
wear this everyday! so stylish!
very nice band
beautiful and fits perfectly!
the best band ever. looks totally like the picture. i’m obsessed and never want to take it off.
very nice. great quality. just make sure you order the right size mm.
i love my watch band!  great shopping experience.  product is exactly as described.  shipping took less time than expected.  thank you for a positive experience.
was good for the price will purchase more .
love the band. i was nervous that the quality of leather wouldn't be great based on the price, but it is very rich and feels much more high end than what the price would suggest. if you are looking for the hermes look, this is your band.
love it...only wish it came in smaller sizes.
love it
this is a beautiful watch.  the company has amazing customer service.
nice
great product
i liked it very much. it arrived fast but i have prime as well
a nice interpretation of the designer model. i've not seen the original in person but i suspect the leather on that model is thicker than this one. there's nothing on this band that would try to assert it is the famous designer model. this is not a knock-off/imitation.
i love it and have already had complements on it! prompt delivery too.
i love it, it’s my favorite watch band. it’s very stylish .
good quality, fits well, timely shipping! 👍🏼
this band is definitely my favorite ive ever bought its worth the money feels and looks high quality, only complaint i have is that it can be a bit tricky to get on because the holes are small
it is exactly what i wanted. would highly recommend for anyone looking for the hermes look without the hermes price tag.
looks like the real thing!
love it. lots of compliments. arrived as promised.
i really love it! ❤️ it look very nice.  i ordered 1 more different color.
looks luxury! love it!
great quality apple watch strap. not too long for smaller wrist.
love this band. goes with everything. great quality.
fast shipping! band is just as described.
it's a good looking cuff and very lightweight so it molds  to the wrist really well
very durable and comfortable
great band. definitely give you a more urban, casual look like i was going for. no concerns.
good quality
i get so many compliments on this band! and it looks great, too!
love it! great quality leather and perfect connection to the apple watch.
very comfortable and stylish
another quality    watch band from v-moro. i would recommend their bands to anyone.
love this watch band!! it looks so pretty with my rose gold 38mm apple watch.
i received this quickly and i just love it! it's really beautiful!
exactly as pictured! gr8 quality and fast delivery.
perfect!  good quality at a great price
thanks
beautiful quality, durable buckle, stylish design. love how mine looks with the rose gold watch
i luv it!!
good quality and works well
i love the material this band is made of. at first i was afraid of buying a third party watchband but this now all i use
love it!! glad i didn't spend the $600 for the "real" one ;)
love it!
love this band!  looks great and i have received a lot of compliments on it.
just what i thought it would be. nice quality- and fits great.
fits well around my small wrist
i received my watch band right away and i love it!
great quality leather and sturdy construction. i have received many compliments. i recommend this product!
love it! nice quality!!
loved it!
this band looks really nice, and it was easy to install.
i absolutely love this product. the quality is great.
perfect
pleased👍
very nice.
good replacement. however, quality can be improved
genuine leather. cute. sensor works just fine through the band.
perfect!
great!
excellent product !!!!!
exactly as described
my wife loved it best band yet
awesome watch band
great watch band!!
love my watch band. quality product. received within 2 business days!
the band is waaay too long, i wish it came in sizes
nice band but there were no holes on band to fasten so i had to punch a hole for pin.
looks great. it's a good quality for this price point.
this watch band is beautiful and perfect design for any iwatch
good
nice
comfortable and stylish
this band is very nicely made and looks like it cost much more than it did. it also fits! i've had trouble with many bands being too big for my wrist. this fits perfectly. the heart monitor works just fine with the cuff, as well! very happy with it.
great quality.
get a lot of compliments!
looks nice and cheap!!
good
i really like it, it looks great and comfortable!
its  elegant but to wear occasionally
super cute and nice quality
better than expected!!  fits well but looks even better.
i love it ..
i'm really enjoying this band. the leather and build are good quality.
works and looks great
love this band!!
fairly decent band. thin leather stretches easily but can't beat it for the price.
love it!!
great product as advertised, would buy from seller again!
i really love this watch band.  it is good quality and very stylish.
very nice band, item arrived in time and looked as shown.
very nice!!
nice band for the price. a little thinner than expected, but it fits my small wrist perfectly.
this is great.
nice!
it's great!
too long but nice
beautiful band!
for the price, it's very well made. the clasp feels cheap, i'm interested to see how long it lasts. the leather also feels like it will crack eventually as well, but again, for the price you can't really complain. it is made as well as it shows in pictures, and i would spend $36 on this again.
thank you, this is by far my favorite watchband for apple watch.  it is comfortable, stylish, chic, and everyone i show it to now wants one.  i will definitely get another watch band from you because of the quick delivery and you can't beat the price. thank you for having this amazing product
love this band!! i was expecting the material to fall apart after a while, but its been holding up! i work with my hands all day and this band has not given me any problems. super cute also!
ordered on 10/16/15, received on 10/30/15. real leather, nicely crafted, smells and looks excellent. like it. sensors of apple watch worked. good buy. you have to wait two weeks to get it. it is an excellent buy. i don't think negative reviews are honest.
good customer
tons of compliments
very nice
came early fit good like it
this is my favorite band!
exactly what i expected
i'll admit i had some apprehensions when i first bought this item. after seeing apple's commercials for their new 3,000 dollar wrist cuff i didn't think anything could compare to the quality i could find in apple created or endorsed products. i was wrong.
before purchasing this product, i read most of the reviews and expected it to be nice but not superb. however, it exceeded my expectations and i am very pleased with the quality of the leather. it even has the unique leather smell. moreover, it fits perfect as well. worth the purchase!
amazing! nice quality! yes, it did take a while to get but it was so worth the wait!
nice quality ... looks good .... adapters are sturdy.
it looks to awesome to me. only the adapters are not that precise. other than that, totally worth it.
came perfectly.
i appreciate my luxury brands such as chanel, jimmy choo, etc. as well really good quality gems i can dig up at bargain stores such as old navy, h&m, etc. well this is one of those gems i found after a long night of perusing amazon.com for my every day band. take my word for it, this looks and feels very high quality. i wear my apple watch every day now. i smile every time i think about hermes and all those suckers who would pay $1500 for a teeny band. who would pay that much for a watch band?? don't be one of those suckers. :)
i really like this band. it is the band that i wear almost daily. i have had it for about a month and it is still in perfect condition. the lugs fit great, which has not been my experience with other bands that were not made by apple. beware though that the band only comes with one length on the one side. i'm a guy with the 38mm watch and the band for me only has one more hole before it is too small. i do have smaller wrists so it works for me. should be perfect for women but be aware of you are a guy purchasing this for yourself.
hate it fake leather...
love this band. it's stylish and comfortable. beware if you have a tiny wrist. it's rather long.
i got the brown single tour leather band and i've gotten nothing but compliments on it everyone thinks it's beautiful. it's very comfortable and the quality is great. the leather doesn't look cheap at all. it's such a great buy. there's no way i'd spend $149 on the original band.
beautiful band.  like it's just like h.
looks beautiful and feels well built! i haven't seen the real deal, but i suspect this is 80% close to it for a small fraction of the cost.
this is an excellent, quality strap. i had several people, including apple store employees, ask me if it was the hermes strap! highly recommended & unbeatable price!
love it. too cute. lots of compliments!
love it!! totally rocks the $15k hermes look at a mere fraction of the price!!!!
top!!
nice leather
love this band! it is comfortable and chic. i constantly get asked if it is the hermes edition apple watch - i am so happy to have gotten the classic look for much less. ordering another color soon!
i absolutely love it and get tons of compliments...
love my new band.  i have been using for about 3 weeks now.  i do not have any problem with my apple watch losing its connection while using this band.  i have received many compliments and just bought a second one.  i look forward to getting more.
i just recieved my v-moro cuff and double tour band. i must say that i am totally satisfied. it feels like leather, it smells like genuine leather, it's because it is leather. both bands feel great and comfortable on my wrist. if you don't want spend 1500 for a hermes brand, v- moro is the way to go.
excellent product!
if you like the hermes cuff, you'll love this! real leather, stitching is so good, stainless buckle that is pretty and cut well. color as advertised.
a very nice strap with good quality. i've had it for over a month now and it's still as nice as the first day i got it. would recommend.
to be honest , i never expect a third party band to be better than apple original band , but this thing owned it easily . will buy the full " herme's collection " later !
this watch band looks and feels fantastic, and it's been the subject of several compliments after having it for just a day.
just what i wanted!
it is just beautiful! i get a lot of compliments!
product was worth the wait actual leather like feel. happy with product.
nice band
i am not a fan of the rubber band that the watch comes with & was looking for something a little more elegant & traditional. this really hit the mark! it's comfortable & exactly as pictured. i've had it for about six months now & the leather has not started to wear ﹫ all & i wear it everyday¡! i'm about to purchase the single leather band as well. i get compliments on this quite often.
i only took a star off because it was hard to get it to fit perfectly and click in with my iwatch face. overall, i do like it! it has taken some getting used to and a few times i've had it too loose and my watch has locked on me. i do suggest this for those with wrists on the smaller side.
very nice quality and design, particularly for the price. the only drawback is that the band is a little title short and i had to put the band on almost the last space (i wear a size 10 so it's not because i have big wrists).
great band! i just got it, so i can't say how durable it is, but so far it's awesome. it has an authentic new car leather seat smell, which let's me know it's not fake leather. the only thing i dinged it a star for was the fact that i can't get the hardware in a gold color to match my watch, but it's definitely not a deal breaker. i will be buying more from this brand. it's on the pricier side, but at least i know they are good quality!
the leather (i’m trying to decide if it’s genuine leather or not) looks good on my wrist. i just got it today. i like it. for twenty dollars, it works.
watch band fit perfectly and quality of band was classy.  gift for my future daughter-in-law.  she loved it.
not what expected, but seller sent a replacement and works really good!
if you know what genuine leather is, for the price, this is a great product. i get compliments all the time. it isn't as comfortable or attractive as a fine leather, but for $20 it's a great band you don't have to worry about beating up.
this was a gift for my sister. she really liked it!
i love it ! it’s a great change from my apple white band.
very cute! color is a tad bit more orange than i would like. one of the bands doesn't slide on as easy as normal. but overall, super cute!
bought this for my wife, and she loves it.
i was worried about using an off product for my second edition iwatch. i no longer have any worries. i have a space grey 42mm second edition. i was concerned the brown and silver would clash with my dark watch. once i attached the band, it looked amazing! i use this band for outings and when i dress up. my silicone bands are for 'everyday' work and gym use. this is my 'nice' band. i get some many second glances and compliments on my double wrap band. you truly can not tell different on this band with more expensive band (i.e.: hermes). i have a tiny wrist and this band fits me just well. highly recommend for iwatch.
i would not call myself a fashionable person. when i saw the hermès double tour band that was going on the apple watch, i thought to myself "hey-y-y-y, i want one of those!". shortly thereafter i saw the price, and wept a little bit on the inside.
i loved the look of this, but after only wearing it two times, the piece that connects to the watch broke right off. it's past the return date, otherwise this would be going right back. very disappointed, and don't recommend to others.
definitely much nicer than one would expect. genuine leather. smells real. looks real. very good price for a fairly good hermés knockoff.
*update:
the double strap looks nice on your wrist, but since it doesn't sit flush against your wrist it doesn't count steps and workouts accurately (or at all)! i bought an iwatch so that it would count all of my activity and this just doesn't cut it. great alternative to the $500 one apples sells but otherwise useless!
got this for my gf and she really loves it. it's unique and stylish. she can wear it when she dresses up and even in more casual settings as well. only reason i didn't give it a 5 was because it doesn't like..blow you away with quality. it's not real leather but i knew that before hand. i would by it again though if anything happened to it.
i had submitted an earlier review when i first received this product. since then, i have changed the way i wear it and it is far more comfortable and less annoying. i first tried wearing it as pictured in the seller's photos - wrapping the strap around on the "elbow" side of the watch face rather than on the "hand" side of the watch face. it annoyed me so much that i didn't even want to wear it. i wanted to give it a fair chance, so i put it on again the next day. at that point, it moved so that i accidentally wrapped it the other way. that happy accident made the watch band much more comfortable to the point that i hardly noticed it. then i just had to decide how loose or tight to adjust it to maximize that comfort. now i love it. it is well worth purchasing and has a great look.
recently bought an apple watch and was looking for some bands to pair with it for different looks. after doing quite a bit of research, i landed on this leather band (along with some other styles i purchased). i am very pleased with the quality of this band. its look meshes nicely with my space grey apple watch series 2, even if the connectors are silver. it was a bit stiff on first wear, but after a week of wearing it has worn in nicely & has become my primary watch band. while i'm not sure how long this band will last, the quality is decent enough and couldn't beat the price.. not to mention, it was packaged very nicely. i'd definitely buy from this company again.
i was looking for a fun band that wasn't metal or plastic and not boring. this band is all of those things and more. such a cute color/pattern for spring/summer and was easy to attach to my apple watch gen 1 42mm rose gold. it feels fancy. i've only had it for one day but i've already gotten compliments. the band is soft and flexible and not too bulky.
other feedback/photos comparing this band to a much more expensive one made the brown leather look nice - but in person...not so much.. the color looks painted on as opposed to tanned. wasn't expecting a top notch band for this price but was hoping it might be a little nicer.
i always like to match my watch with my outfit and this is a very stylish replacement band. the material is decent and the product is carefully crafted, i'd definitely recommend this if you are looking for a pretty and inexpensive band.
looks nice, but not the most comfortable thing to wear. the strap slides under the watch and makes the watch lock up because it isn't touching your skin anymore, so you have to wear it pretty tight to try and avoid this, also have to keep adjusting it throughout the day to make sure it doesn't disconnect (quite irritating). looks classier than the apple sport bands i was wearing. the leather is not anything special, not even sure if it is genuine leather. kind of takes a white to get used to putting it on.
my wife bought this for her apple watch, and she’s had had a ton of complements on this band. she used to wear several different bands interchangeably, but at the moment this is her “everyday” one.
i love this black leather cuff bracelet. it fits really well and is very comfortable. i'm a little nervous about the silver "clips", they look and feel cheap, i would of given five stars if better quality there. i've been really careful about removing my watch...i tend to trade out my watch band daily. otherwise it's perfect!
it looks great and is comfortable. only problem is i have small wrists. there is no happy medium to tighten or loose  so that the band doesn’t slide under the sensor of my watch so it disconnects. i had missed the return window by one day and was not happy to be married to a band that didn't work for me. then v-moro fairies came and rescued me by refunding me and sending a choice of another watch band. how awesome is that?! all i wanted was to exchange it. they are amazing with their customer service!
i wanted something a little fancier for my apple watch sport but i sure as hell wasn't paying hermes prices. this watch band seems to have met my demand: it looks like the hermes, smells like real leather, and i've gotten many compliments on it. looking forward to getting the cuff watch band next.
wow!!! this was not what i was expecting but was hoping for. hermes apple watch band you have met your match. beautiful construction. straight stitching and the color is exact. this band is on point! would give it 5 stars if the band came in a larger size but i'm sure after time the leather will relax with time.  the band fits perfectly into my watch without any slipping or movement. do yourself a favor and get this one.
i was looking on apple's website at the hermes watch bands and almost passed out at the price. i have the ceramic watch (a gift from a very generous employer) and have found that the sport bands look best with it, but really wanted a different look.  so i checked amazon and found this.  it looks great, will easily wrap around most ladies' wrists twice and at under $20, you just cannot beat the price.
this has held up well for my hermès iwatch i got as a gift (that came with another style band). works well but the leather isn’t as soft/subtle as my other band. but who would know the difference except you? it looks good and i’m very pleased. held up great wearing a few times a week for 2 months.
the band is wonderful, well made... even though i measured my wrist its still to small. that is the only reason for the 3 stars. if it fit i would leave a full 5 stars!
update: customer service was amazing and they really fixed the problem by sending me a different band. i was very impressed with them and talking to them.
great band! east to attach. the only complaint i have, which i’m not sure if it’s even fixable is that sometimes the face of the watch lifts off from my wrist, so i have to re enter my passcode multiple times. but it’s perfect and a great dupe for the hermès (very expensive) band!
the leather is definitely nicer than one of the other cheap bands i got on here.  however, after wearing for a day my wrist is broken out in hives.  i have sensitive skin so i'm assuming it's something in the metal clasp
great product for the price. it’s a stiff leather that softened with wear. i love the double strap style. it’s not the nicest leather but i don’t want to spend hundreds of dollars for a band. this one gives me the great style for an awesome price.
i loved this when i got it. it fits my small wrist great and looks good too. but i’m disappointed because this week, the third time i’ve worn it, the strap has failed! the middle section of the attachment area came out and the strap does not stay attached to the watch. i expected better, at least more than 3 wearings.
the design is nice and neutral, but the band is rigid and cuts into my wrist at an awkward angle, lifting the watch off my wrist. occasionally it lifts off my wrist so far that my apple watch locks, thinking it has been removed.
i am so impressed with this watchband. i purchased the 38mm brown leather cuff to pair with my aluminum/gold apple sport watch, and honestly wasn't expecting it to be as gorgeous as it is. it's a lovely dark tan shade (very true to the color in the product images) with nice even stitching all the way around. the leather was fairly soft right out of the box and the high-quality stainless lugs paired easily with my watch. the cutout in the back allows the watch to continue to read your pulse as long as you make sure it's lined up with the sensor on the back. if you love the look of the hermes/apple bands, this is a gorgeous knockoff at a fraction of the cost. totally worth it.
the only reason i took a star off is because i can’t get the band to fit quite right. if it’s comfortable the watch sits over the band and i have to unlock it every time i want to see my notifications. if i tighten it one notch it’s too tight and uncomfortable. otherwise it’s a great band- cute and nice quality.
great band for the price my wife has a few different ones and the quality is on par with the official brands.
works well for my needs, and looks very similar to the hermes cuff. i've gone to an apple store where i tried on the "legitimate" hermes cuff, and this product has the same look.
i am writing because i believe this company provides an excellent product but equally important is their customer service. i own three watchbands by v-moro and think the leather quality is great. one of them broke however, and they immediately sent me a new one. i only asked for a piece of hardware that had broken off, and the two days later- brand new band.
this is a great watch band if you have thicker wrists than mine.  i only gave it 4 stars because it was also difficult to position the watch right over the the opening and it kept sliding on my wrist, i guess because the band was simply too long.  i have not seen the measurements anywhere in the description of the product.
it's much nicer than i expected!  looks good with dressy and casual outfits!  i was worried because i have a small wrist that it would not wrap around right; however, it fits perfectly!  the leather is initially a bit stiff; i'm hoping the other reviews that say it softens over time are accurate.  i love it!
i was not expecting for my package to arrive so quickly in just two days and my band is so freaking gorgeous! it came in a black box with a small pillow, screwdriver, and extra screws for your bands! say whaat?! the band is absolutely gorgeous, i can't stop admiring it! but make sure to give yourself some time to put it on because it can get pretty tricky. yikes! overall though, i'm a very happy customer! kind of eyeing the single tour band at the moment! next purchase from this company? i think so! 😆
sending the band back didn't even have it an hour. see photo of issue. pin on the longer strap keeps dislocating from the strap and not staying on the watch. very disappointed because i thought it would be a good band.
i have this band for a year now. i get tons of compliments. does the same job of a hermes without depleting your wallet .
great band, looks really nice, fits well. not as much color striation as in the pictures, but i wasn’t sure i would like that so it’s fine! very nice classic brown leather color, fits well and is comfortable.
very nice and looks great on hand! i have already got couple complements and my doctor mistake for the original apple store band. at first seems a little tight on the hand but the letter - with one looks authentic and good quality - adjust very well to our hand shape and you can go a little down on the tightening the band. i am very happy! this is a first one replacement band i bought for my apple watch and will buying more!!!
love it! very chic. i use it with my rose gold apple watch and it looks great. dyes my skin a bit the first few times i wore it-but dyed leather does that. nothing i was worried about. worn for about 2 months daily with no issues.
great band! much cheaper than the hermes version but i can't tell the difference! i wore it in the ocean in greece and it still in perfect shape. good quality. good bang for the buck.
excellent quality and worth the $$.
the leather is decent quality, same with the hardware. it's a 20mm band, and can be used on any watch that size fits (the apple watch hardware can be easily removed using the included screwdriver). my wife is actually using it on an lg g watch, fits beautifully.for the price it's nicer than i was expecting.
like it very much, although the clasp issue is a tad odd.  thank you for including the pictogram showing how not to do it!  but why is it designed so?  other than that, very nice.
i have updated this. so i had a terrible experience at first but they made it right. you have to commend them on their customer service making this right.
fits great. definitely thin but it’s what to expect as this price point. i’ve worn in everyday for the last week and thus far no issues.
i love this band and now want every color! i’ve been wearing it since i got it in the mail and have gotten many compliments, fantastic quality for the price!
this band has the class and elegance of the original double tour hermés watch band, but for an affordable price that won't break the bank.  the inside of the band is soft and comfortable so it doesn't cut into your wrist, and the outside is smooth.  not the best quality leather, but i'm not mad.
this product is as advertised - attractive and well made. it fastens seamlessly, and securely, to the watch, and looks very nice with the black anodized watch case.  the price was reasonable, for a dressier look than the standard apple watch band.  i own a similar band in brown, and have worn it steadily for about 8 months, and it is holding up very well, through occasional water immersions, and ocean sports (although i do not recommend this type of use if you want to keep the leather in good shape for the long term). .
i ordered this and i am so glad that i did.  i was looking for a different style for my apple watch and i've found it!
so far so good! i just received the band today and the leather looks great, it doesn't look cheap at all. it's a little bit hard to put it on, but the band is brand new, i'm sure it will get easier the more i use it...i totally recommend it, it's very fashionable!
i have an original hermes band and i like this less expensive band better. the original band discolored and bends and looks terrible. this one looks great.
good quality for the price. although i wish that when i separated the cuff from the bands, the process was easier. you are required to use a small screwdriver, which was included. i purchased a different cuff last year, and did have to take apart the metal clasp first before i slid the band off the cuff.
this is a great watch band! it’s definitely for dress up - it’s not comfortable at all to wear during workouts.  but that doesn’t bother me; i just switch it out for workouts!
it looks great and the price is right. overall it's comfortable, well-constructed and seems to be made of high-enough quality materials. the one exception to this is the actual buckle, which definitely seems fairly low-quality and made of cheap, thin metal. i'm hoping that it lasts. still, if you're looking for a cuff-style band for your apple watch (or lusting over the hermes option) it's a very reasonably-priced choice, and it should last you at least long enough to get your money's worth.
my wife loves it! quality is very good. real leather. color looks just like hermès. cannot tell the difference at all.
stylish! comfy! hasn't broken yet, but the pin cam out of the clasp on the last one i bought. it lasted for a few months before it popped out thou.
i got this bracelet for my wife. she has a very small wrist. due to that, the bracelet did not fit comfortably. outside of that, the quality seems well built and fits the watch perfectly.
love this style!! my first on was worn daily for about a year and a half. considering the price, i find that totally acceptable and have purchased a replacement. everyone loves this watchband!
too thick for me to really like the double layer. really liked the company! they worked with me to get one that i did like.
i love it - it looks great - it seems to be made well - and very strong!
beautiful leather band!  so glad i took the time to read all of the reviews and closely look at the photos of all sellers before choosing this one.  this v-moro band is a quality version of the $500 hermes style double tour band.  there are many out there to choose from, and some just post hermes photos and not their own product.  read the reviews and look at the customer posted photos of actual products before you buy. this one is very well made and the fit is perfect.
good quality for the price. got here fast. main issue and to me it’s major is that it doesn’t line up for easy charging.
quality is nice, does it's job. only inconvenience is that i have to separate the two pieces in order to charge my watch on the stand that i have which isn't a terribly big deal.
good product, but watch out for that clasp!  mine failed after only a couple of days of wear.  i was able to get it repaired, but it was a bit of a disappointment.  if that clasp was replaced/re-designed, this would be a five-star review.
great occasional band. it looks really cool and the leather is nice. however, it is difficult to charge while this band is attached
i was pleasantly surprised with the quality of this band. it really looks expensive and is beautiful. i will buy more colors because it is just that extra touch to any outfit! love it!
i love this band... i had previously ordered similar bands online and at best buy that broke immediately. this one has held up and looks beautiful. i would definitely buy from this company again and am very pleased with my purchase.
my wife really likes this, no regrets on the buy, the quality is very nice.
great alternative for the price. "genuine leather" does not look or feel like it, though.
this band is very nice. the quality is even better than i had thought it would be. the leather is thick enough to look great, but not bulky. i've had several people look at my watch and assume it's the hermes version!
very nice looking band. material is a little stiff but considering the price, i got a good deal.
i was intrigued by the brown leather band as seen on “this is us” but was hoping to find one that fit my budget. i started my search on amazon and found several choices. i am pleased with the color of the band and the way it fits on my small-ish wrist. ordered one day and delivered the next!
very much like this band. probably my favorite casual band to use. the thickness is perfect and exactly what i was looking for
cute! will update on how it wears !!!
the watch band hold up really well i wear it all the time even when i'm at work and it gets beat up a lot. i would recommend it. it looks really good and extremely durable. also vmoro has excellent customer service!!!
love it but is gets dirty looking so quick ... from life ... but also from the band rubbing itself
love this band and i have an average wrist. the holder to part where it attaches to the watch did have a screw pop out but i found it and was able to reconnect it and tighten it.
gotten lots of complements on this.  my only complaints is that there are too many holes in the band.  it shows on the top and i am using the fourth hole.  i can't imagine who would use all the holes.
great quality hard to tell from real thing!
i purchased the black and the brown.  nice rugged look but yet feminine.  thank you for taking the time to make an inexpensive alternative to a very expensive band.  looks and feels just like the hermes band (my girlfriend paid full price in red).  may need to get more colors for the upcoming seasons.
so far i like the look of the bracelet.
it is a great product. it look and feels great!  very happy with the purchase. may buy in other colors.
great material
i love this band. the leather is good and the fit also. i will get another in a different color.
the good:
i love this band. i loved it so much i went ahead and bought it in another color. it’s just a great looking band!
it only fits well on one exact part of my wrist but otherwise amazing and exactly what i was looking for.
love it! super cute!
how does apple get away with charging so much for their bands?  i got the v-moro leather cuff and it is every bit as nice as the "official" apple products at a fraction of the cost.  the leather feels nice and i can use just the band portion for a more formal look, or i can add the cuff and go casual.  highly recommended.
lost count on how many compliments i have received with this band! i love it! the color is beautifula and it is soft. will purchase more colors!
this looks gorgeous on my wrist with my gold apple watch! it took about two weeks to recieve it... was worth the wait!
great overall strap that looks great on the apple watch
i wasn't sure what to expect so i was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the leather.  my watch is rose gold so i was worried about the silver parts of the band clashing but the watch fits so neatly into it you can't even tell.
great color, perfect fit! very stylish watch band for my apple watch. it's also easy to put on.
looks just like the $1500 hermes band!! not as soft as i would imagine hermes is but for $30? heck yeah!
awesome band! looks great and fits even better! love it!
great transaction, great item, just like described, fits watch perfectly, wife will love it. quality watch band.
so i've bin looking for a leather band for a while and this was amazing i love the look of double loop i'm happy with it.
everyone comments on this. it is sharp
perfect! looks just like an hermas but less the cost
i think the quality and look of the product is very nice. i took a star off because the way it's made to fit causes it to lose contact with your wrist and thus lock itself.  i don't think it is the fault of this company though. i think all the bands made with the double loop probably do this.  i would not purchase again because of constantly it constantly locking.  if this doesn't bother you then you will love this band.
very nice
love the contemporary look of this band. it’s kind of dressy and rock and roll at the same time. also more comfortable than you might expect for a wide band
love love love and the price was great inspired by hermès but without the big price tag
trendy and cute band.  won't come loose!
the box came smoothed but the contents were okay. more as a result of other heavy item shifting around. fits nicely
just as expected !
this is an amazing watch band. i like it so much more than all my other watch bands. this is a wonderful gift for me.
really like it. not cheap looking at all!
stylish but you have to position the hole carefully so that the inside of the watch touches your wrist
the band was delivered on time and came in a cute watch box. its perfect! i have crazy tiny wrists and the band had a extra sliding loop to hold it in place. its identical to the hermes band, cannot tell a difference at all. band is soft and lays well. i am so happy with my purchase.
it’s beautiful. got a lot of compliments. love it.
love this watch band. i've already received compliments. took a bit to figure out the best way to wear it but once i did it is very easy to get on.
not bad for the price. completely satisfied with my purchase. the leather is thin but it is genuine leather. it fits and looks great.
super cute!! i love that it matches with any outfit. it fits really comfortably and looks great!
doesn't fit all wrists
the most incredible apple watch band!
this is a fabulous strap. looks great and it’s more comfortable then i thought. i should have gotten the smaller band though. i will order again
a beautiful watch band!
beautiful band for my nieces birthday present
great product, works and looks great.
i love this band! it fit my apple 42mm watch perfectly.. no complaints!
love it
the quality has gone down from the first time i bought it. still nice though
wife loves it. wants another color.
my sister suggested i would like the hermes leather cuff apple watch band. i did. liked it, not  price.
super chic, great price, it can fit to adjust to most wrist sizes
really good quality.  i receive a lot of compliments on this wristband.  would buy again if this one were to wear out.
amazing quality!!!!! identical to hermes! this band is amazing. it looks and smells like actual leather. the double tour design i thought would be annoying, but it's soooooo comfortable. i set my standards low, for a very inexpensive band, but was blown away by the quality. i hope it lasts for a long time.
great product
quality and look are great.  the problem is that the band gets under the face and the watch does not recognize my wrist.  i will not be eating this, wish i would not have thrown away the box or i would return it
it's a little tricky at first, once it softens and you figure out how to cross the straps it's super cute.
nice band for the money
absolutely loved the watch band, i receive tons of compliments! thnak you!
great item for the price. a lot cheaper than apple leather bands.
a little more bulky than expected.,, wish i would have ordered a lighter color
awesome strap! i had read the reviews before purchasing but was still very surprised on how great the quality is! definitely going to purchase some other colours!
husband loves it
looks really expensive and the s/m size is pretty generous in size
so far it's beautiful.  comes in a nice box, real leather.  easy to change bands, no issue with fit into grooves.
love it will be ordering more colors
i bought the brown double wrap band for my rose gold watch. i was afraid the silver connector would look bad against the watch face, but it looks great. the band quality seems good and i like the white stitching.
i have small wrists so was glad to try this. fits perfectly, love the look.
so classy looking. very comfortable.
it but more expensive  than i’d like but worth it.
for around 30 bucks, i am completely satisfied. the leather seems to be of a really great quality, without being too stiff or too thin. looks great on, very comfortable, and the steel apple watch connectors match the steel of the apple watch perfectly.  they have a tiny bit of wiggle but that's expected from 3rd party apple bands.
very nice! thanks!
she loves it!
looks pretty cool, is on the cheaper side of things, will look better with more daily usage.
love it! went to the  store and they thought it was the real deal. would recommend this to everyone.
i love it! i saw a similar one on a tv show which is what prompted me to look for one. i'm little but i love big, thick bands/watches.
my wife's favorite band for her apple watch. it fit great and looks good.
nice band for iwatch 38mm  -  good seller
beautiful. great quality. better than i expected.
good quality for the price and looks really great!
this fits my apple i watch perfectly.
love this band! it looks great and the color is a very appealing feature. leather is good as well not the cheap unrefined material. i get high praise from a lot of people.
love this band
kind of hesitate when order but amazing quality. !!! buy with confidence
great band, looks and feels really nice.  quick delivery. great value overall
very cute, would totally reorder in another color as well
fits prefect and i love it !!! shipping was fast and good service .
i love this watch band! i have large wrists for a woman and it fits perfectly!
great price!!!  identical to what you find at apple for a lot less.
good
just like picture, easy to attach,  very happy with the quality.
love it
good quality.  a little on the long side for my petite wife.
will be buying another one in black.
it was for my very trendy 15 year old son and two weeks later he still loves it! perfect fit and perfect price ❤
looks great and works well. i have a medium sized wrist - right in the middle of the size range - and it fits perfectly. love it!
great band worth the money. do you have this in black?
thank you exactly as described fast shipping good product!  awesome i always get compliments!
fast shipping, fits nicely. looks very similar to more expensive brands!
love wearing it!!
absolutely love this watch band! looks just like the very expensive apple version.
looks good!
good quality i loved this brand!
was a gift to my wife
bought this for my 17yr old daughter and she loves it.
exactly what i wanted
arrived and time and looks good... not the best for big wrists, however they did include a hole punch to rectify the issue, so 5 stars!
very comfortable and stylish, fits really well and feels like it should be far more expensive than it is. great product
nice perfect fit
looks great! exactly like on photo!
nice on time
beautiful learher
this strap is well made. but if you are using the charger, you may have to insert it between the strap and the watch, as the hole in the strap is useless in sticking on to the induction charger.
live the rocker look
quality product.  fast ship.  highly recommend.
i love you can wear it 2 ways.
good
nice
great value and i get a lot of compliments!
love how it looks. great quality.
gives my watch a different look without buying  new watch. win-win!
i got this a few months ago and it still looks, feels, and fits great
great quality and fast shipping!!
love the band fits nicely and comfortable
it’s beautiful. a perfectly priced band.
perfect!!!
great quality, fits well, makes my watch look expensive haha
i was really excited to find these at this price. for the money it is a great value and v-moro stands behind their product.
love it.  looks great.
nice!!!!!!!
look better in picture, but work fine y look fine !
great product, wish i ordered the double loop instead of the cuff though. oh well.
cool leather band. nice quality.
very very nice!!  the leather and fit is perfect!!
very comfortable. looks great. just wish it were a bit longer.
i was good , it run untill 1 year best product !!!
it's cute. love it
good quality and it is what it is
arrived on time - daughter loves it; now wants one in every color lol
love it
just what i was looking for!
good but it looks fake 7/10
love this band.
i like it!
this is a great watch band for apple watch at a fraction of the price.
a little short for my wrist but love it the style!
delivered faster than expected.
very good quality!
love it
love it!!
really happy with my purchase i love this so much that i'm going to get them in different colours
fits the watch perfectly. very happy with this purchase
love the look and feel of this band! it will not disappoint.
excellent customer service!!! yes
its nice in person... it kinda looks really similar to the hermes double tour... it fits comfortably in my 6" wrist... i will have to see how long this leather will hold up to.. for the price its a good deal. the brown strap just matches any clothes you wear and i love it... the only thing is dislike about this is the hassle to wear it yourself ...
is it really nice, it's not as soft as a high quality product but it looks good ... i've only used it twice ... if there's something new to report, i'll do it. good value for money
i just love this band! it's comfortable, fits nicely on my 5.75" wrist, and the leather smells great! i get so many compliments on it and people asking where i got it from. the color is pretty true to the picture and it arrived relatively quickly. i'll definitely be looking into buying their cuff next!
really cool fits great and it looks close to the real one
loving these watch bands! perfect.
this is a really great band.  it serves double duty because you can use the smaller band by itself or the two bands together.  also, the buckle on this band is much closer in look to the hermes band, than the other similar bands on amazon.  i've received many compliments on this.  you will be pleased!
purchased these watch bands for my wife's new apple watch, she is very happy with your product, thus making me extremely satisfied with my purchase. this is not the last band i will purchase from you,  she has already expressed interest in other varieties you provide.  keep up the good job guys!
it fits good looks like the real deal.
great gift, shipping took a while.
this is my second v moro band. i was very pleased with the other style i purchased and knew i wanted to buy this brand again. i was not disappointed. i have no trouble with the haptic or heart rate monitor, they perform as they should. you can adjust the band in the cuff so the back of the watch fits through the cut out. my wrists have a small diameter at under 5.5 inches, i had no problem getting a good fit, with more adjustment available when the leather gives a little. a great looking and affordable band.
awesome product,excellent quality for a killer price.highly recommend it
love this band for my watch.  looks very high end for the price and i love it.
nice! fits beautifully and looks so great on my arm. the color is hot as well.
purchased these watch bands for my wife's new apple watch, she is very happy with your product, thus making me extremely satisfied with my purchase. this is not the last band i will purchase from you,  she has already expressed interest in other varieties you provide.  keep up the good job guys!
was a christmas present for my daughter to give her a more casual band for her apple watch.  she loves it!  easily can change it out and looks just like the expensive hermes one... i was dismayed originally when te shipping date seemed far off and earned it was coming from china, but it arrived quickly with no issues
product is solid and very comfortable.
very good quality. is exactly what the you see in the picture.
great buy, great price, and looks great on my wrist👍🏽👍🏽
love this band!!! arrived quickly and the quality appears great. i just put it on though and haven't worn it for long. it is adorable on and the band toggles fit perfectly as well. i have the rose gold colored watch face and i like the look. overall i'm really pleased with my purchase.
i am so impressed by the quality of this band, and even more impressed by how quickly it arrived. everyone at my office comments on it, and thought it was the hermes band.
i got this as a more stylish band option for my 38mm apple watch sport. it came a lot quicker that expected, but about 2 weeks.  i love the look of it and everything fit perfectly.  it won't be my everyday band but as long as the leather holds up to the wear and tear it does get i'll be completely happy and will probably order another one.
beautiful band. comes in a nice box. i wish it was a bit longer for my 7 1/2 inch wrist. a bit tight, and would love for it to be looser.
arrived earlier than expected and looks really nice. soft leather has a great feeling on skin. i received compliments on it
i love both of the band i bought from this seller. were delivered earlier than expected. great quality and feels great. this is my favorite one though. looks just like the hermes cuff but a fraction of the price
so worth it really good product
this band is phenomenal, the quality is fantastic, stitching is really well done, the hardware is shiny and the connectors to the actual watch fit beautifully! the color of the leather is a gorgeous honey color and i can't wait for it to age and show wear!
i am very pleased with the quality of this band! i have the 38mm sport aluminum watch and the band makes it look trendy! it is also very comfortable. i was afraid the cuff would be too wide but it's the perfect size.
very good quality, i'm happy that i picked it. are the best 36 usd that i could spend
took a few tries to figure out the best way to wrap for me, but it looks great, fits the watch well, and is good quality.  i wish more of the non-apple bands came with rose gold finishes (clasp on this is silver tone), but the price is great, so not complaining too much.
such a cute double tour band. of all my watch bands, this one is probably the most comfortable. it’s soft and doesn’t trap moisture. think i’m gonna get another in a different color.
i received this as a gift and i love it enough that i came on here to write a review. great price for such a stylish product. it dresses up my apple watch. if you’re thinking about buying one- do it!
best watch band ever. connects with apple watch first try. right width and right color.
me encantó
for the price it can’t be beat, i would have gladly paid more for the same style and higher quality parts.  if you’re looking for a trendy piece for an outfit it’s a bargain
love this band!  fits great, genuine leather, nice color and great value!
great leather and good looking watch, but how it’s wrapped the “watch” often gets on top of the wrapped band causing my phone to go to the lock mode. it’s annoying. i’ve tried making it tighter(augh) and putting wrapped band on both sides of watch.
love this band. would definitely purchase again.
easy and really comfortable...while also looking great!
this is a beautiful leather band that cost next to nothing compared to what apple watch wants to charge you for their bands. this is my second one, giving it as a gift.
the leather on this strap is not as soft as other colors and brands. it is too stiff for me to find entirely comfortable. however the brown was softer and more comfortable! the price is not expensive when compared to other brands. fit is perfect for apple 42 mm series 3 watch.
love quality of band
very cute and perfect for fall/winter accessory! i have a rose gold 4 series 40mm and this band is compatible with 1,2,3 & 4 series 38mm, 40mm & 42mm! although i think it would look better with the silver apple watch because it has a silver clasp. but i still love the way it fits and looks! i ordered my 19yr old daughter one and had it delivered to her apartment as a surprise. she fell in love with hers too!!!
great band, the wife loves it and looks really good with her gold aluminum series 1 apple watch. also seems to be good quality.
i get compliments on this all the time! after wearing it for a while, the buckle has had some issues, but still functional.
this watchband is cute, and i like it a lot.
it fits great and very comfortable. i love it
my husband loves it!
love the style of this band. i thought the color had a little bit of purple tint to it but it’s just brown which is ok. the latch was a little short for the holes to hook but it worked fine with using the second slot. (that could of been where it was meant to go. overall satisfied with the band.
i really like the leather band, it was a little stiff at first, but has broken in quite nicely. i am two weeks into wearing the band daily, so far, so good! this band is made for a ladies small wrist, be sure to check the size before you buy! i made sure to get the small wristband and all is well.
loved my apple 3 watch band
love this! i get so many compliments on it too.
the leather is so comfortable that it is hardly noticeable when on.  i thought that it might be heavy since it is a double but it is not.
comfortable and looks super cute by itself or paired w other bracelets.
takes awhile to break in but ilove it.
i really like this band, super cute, shipped quick.
i have this same band in brown leather and i love it so i decided to order the black. i think something funky is going on with my local post office because this package was "out for delivery" and then mysteriously disappeared... bummed, but will reorder and pray that i get the black band this time!
very well made product. great customer service
love the look!
great quality for the price! if you wanted the hermès band but are not interested in spending the money on it, this is a great option. been wearing everyday since i got it a month ago and it still looks brand new. i take it off when i shower and wash dishes.
omg love this band. so light and flexible. not hard or stiff. (lol a little 😌 ). fits the new iwatch great. others i boutght hung over the sides of the watch head and had to be returned😟
i know it’s a cheap knockoff; but the white is not a true bright white.  almost like it’s greying.  right out of the bag the black rubber is separating from the white.  sending it back...  i’ll just pay for the real one.
fits my apple edition 42mm watch. bands are a bit thinner than your included apple band. i just received them yesterday (5/17/18) so not sure about wear or durability, will update if any negative results occur. i am pleased with the look of these bands!
the bands are what was expected for the s/m or m/l. i ordered the smaller and decided i wanted just a little more tail to tuck in and got the larger one.  these arn't 100% perfect. if you are expecting apple quality this might not be for you. but if you ackowlege it's a $10 band these should exceede your expectations.  the only issues i've had is the holes are slightly loose so if you like to wear your watch tight then then it might pop open as your tucking the tail in.  once it's tucked in there is no issue.  i wear mine loose so that's no issue but my friend strangles her wrist and had a hard time getting the band on (gave her the small one).  also where they slide into the watch isn't perfect, there is sometimes a tiny gap.  it's never slid out so it's just a cosmetic thing.  i'm a picky nut case about things but tbh these bands are a great price and i've now got a couple colors which i like way more than a perfect single band.
great product. great colors. great price.
great iwatch bands for the money. i’m not sure what people expected when you only pay $6 a band vs. $50 for the apple ones. mine are great. i have a large wrist and i use the same setting as i do on the original apple ones.
great colors, easy to install, perfect fit.
just received the band. let me assure the buyers that any review less than 5 is inaccurate, or the individual did not install correctly. i own a series 3 apple watch (42mm). it is identical to the fit of an authentic apple watch band. yes, it clicks. yes, it stays on when tugged on. note: if it does not click, then you have it installed upside down. i'll re-post an update a month from now to see if it is still holding up. however at this price, what's the difference if i have to replace it?
the white/lavender color can, in some light, look white/grey as well as the white/pink can look white/ orange.  the fit seems good.  i really like the fact that the length is longer, since i have a wrist that was broken and larger than normal.  these bands really work (m/l) for larger wrists.  good purchase and i can make-do with the color variations.  price is very reasonable, since i have several bands to rotate to fit a wardrobe color.  attachment to the watch is just like apple .
i have the official nike anthracite/black band bought at the apple store and have worn it a few weeks.  i got the admaster anthracite and obsidian colors.  i've attached photos comparing all three.  the apple/nike official is on the left, and the two admaster are on the right.
received order very fast. the bands are very nice, much like the one you get with the actual watch. i got the pack of 6, they are worth the price.
look and feel exactly,like the ones in the apple store,$50 each.
my watch came with a velcro-type band, and i didn't want to use than when exercising because it would absorb sweat. so i got this band and use it all the time now, it's just like the nike ones, but way cheaper. been using it for 3 weeks now and it shows no signs of wear or quality issues. i would definitely purchase again.
they're exactly as described.
love this band for the apple watch! i have series 1 and it slides in perfectly and size s/m is the same for regular band that comes with the watch.  the band is very breathable and when i wear it to workout my wrist isn't so sweaty/stinky.  i got this band because the one without holes would cause too much sweat and my watch would slip and slide during my workouts and my heart rate would alter because of this.  since getting this band i've had no problems and the stink from the sweat is gone!
after purchasing a pair of these for me, i liked them so much i purchased 2 for a coworker, who stated she liked them, but, in more vivid colors. for me i had purchased black/gray and navy/black so the watch was low-key as i wear it as a second watch on the opposite wrist. my black apple band was long-in-the-tooth and i liked the idea of holes for ventilation during exercise. these are a little more pliable than apple bands and the quality is indistinguishable. i wouldn’t hesitate to pick some of these up again. nice to be able to get away from black and change colors. i’ve seen a review that these are narrower than apple bands so when i got it i compared them, and to my eye they are exactly the same size. in the pictures the watch has an x-doria defense shield, which i’ve found offers reliable, stylish protection.
i love the nike strap that came with my watch, but i wanted something in a different color and didn't feel like paying the price for the branded strap. after buying this i can say it feels almost the same to the touch, and though it is thinner than the original, i wouldn't say that's a bad thing.
super soft and comfortable band! i have a series 1 apple watch and have only had the silicone band it came with for about a year and a half now, but i can honestly say i like this one better! i got the m/l, but i might should have gone for the s/m. it wrapped around a little more than i thought it would. but no worries. it still fits great! i’m eager to wear it when i workout to see how well the venting holes work. my other band was pretty gross after a good sweat sesh. and i’m curious as to how well the metal clasp holds up to sweat as well. hope it doesn’t turn!
the band isn’t made of the same material as the apple brand but it’s soft and after 3 days of use it seems quality enough. they’re cheap so don’t expect a lifetime of use but to switch out with some other bands here and there, it’ll prob be good. if your debating whether or not based on reviews, just go for it, you can always return it. worth a try.
i don’t like spending a ton of money for new bands because i like to change my look up a lot. you can feel the difference between the bands, but that doesn’t matter to me. i regret the color picked, i don’t think it look good with my rose gold face. nothing is wrong with the band.
bought this as an alternative to the original watchband which i liked, but it got too sweaty under the band.  for a while, went with a mesh / magnetic band which i really enjoyed using -- until something caught on the magnet and my watch fell off and to the ground.
just one band is half the price of apple band and just as good.  great price for what you get.
i’m giving four stars because it’s not perfect. however it’s very close! the magnet part that fits into your watch is a little loose. however it doesn’t come apart. it fits perfectly and if you measure your wrist and if you can wear the small to medium size get that because if you’re on the borderline then you will have a lot of extra slack that you need to tuck under the strap around your wrist.
i like the watch bands but i ordered the wrong size.  will return and order different size.  besides that issue the watch bands look great and the colors are true to as described.
much better than the $50 price apple charges. a couple differences that i have noticed is the material isn't as smooth as apples so it can stick to the skin a bit more (not at all a detraction just a small difference) and the metal pin that the band locks onto is a lower quality. i noticed some corrosion after it got wet a few times and from exercising with it on. i still very much recommend this product as an alternative to apples own bands. plus they offer just about every band that apple does and some.
i feel that for under $10 this is a great buy and comparable to the nike band that came with my watch.  the quality is close to the same feel and material of the apple nike watch band.  very light weight and love the color schemes offered.  this band is my favorite and i prefer it more than what the apple branded bands offer for style.
just got my apple watch and love it! of course, i wanted a ton of different color bands to wear with it. i saw these, they had great reviews so i bought 3.  they are wonderful!  fit the watch perfectly, are enclosed individually in ziplock type bags to keep clean when not in use.  just as smooth and comfortable as the orginal band.
excellent ‼️
the watch band is not stiff even though it’s a thicker band. the color is perfect. looks like a dark gray which really compliments the watch. the size is perfect. i so glad i finally found the s/m in the sport band. fastens just like the apple band.  the price is great! i will definitely order more colors!
very good surprise. great quality and working just perfect. highly recommended.
i ordered the white/lavender for my watch 2 and i love it!  beautiful band that works wonderfully!  clasp is snug.  i have always seem to have a larger than average wrist when it comes to buying things.  i use the larger silicone band that came with my watch so i ordered the same size here.  it still fits good, but the edge of the band goes right up to the edge of the watch on the inside.  so it's a little bigger than the apple band. but i love the colors!  pretty and subtle enough to wear to my office job.
the band fits perfectly and locks like oem. it’s super comfortable. matches the nike volt color exactly.
for the price i paid (a fraction of what the official maker of these bands charges) i expected a lower quality band. this is just as good as the one i paid over $40 to buy at the brand name store. i like the breathability of it yet the secure strap that keeps it on my wrist without worry. it snapped in perfectly right out of the bag. i would definitely buy it again.
these are great, very comfortable and super lightweight.  i got the bundle pack, even though o won’t use the two with pink...but it’s a better deal for the other four vs buying them individually.  wish they’d have a blue and yellow band in the future. thanks guys!
my husband really like that the silicone is all one piece. smooth and simple, unlike another two toned piece we bought from another company that he hated.  after seeing how much i love my band from the company, he wanted to try it and he is loving it. wants it in all black now too!
i use mine for the new apple watch series 4 and it fits nicely, and the material is comfortable to wear. the sizing is similar to apple so no issue their. only issue i think you might face is the longevity of this product. i don’t think it’s going to last for over a year which is ok since the price justifies that quite nicely. there is a gap between the insertion point for the band and watch which makes you feel like the watchband is about to break, but this just seems to be a cosmetic issue rather than a real use problem. overall for about $10 this product is not too far off the apple premium model which i think is a big win.
the colors are great. the material is soft and a positive-kind-of-thin. the band fits well with my apple watch and feels secure when on my wrist. i was hesitant about getting these after years of buying only apple-made bands. i would buy another from admaster...i probably will buy more.
such a great band! i bought this because the normal band caused a lot of sweating, and the admaster is a fantastic replacement. three best part has to be the increments for adjusting, i have an awkward wrist size, so the apple band didn't fit well, but the admaster fits perfectly.
very comfy, so easy to put on, looks great.  nuff said - buy one, or two!  buy me another one if you want!  i did wonder when it came in, looked pretty cheap, but its now my favorite watch band. by far.  buying another one today actually - the all black one.
i have an apple watch series 2 and a series 3. i wear the series 3 during the day and i wear the series 2 to bed so i don't have to tap the nightstand to check the time. this watchband is on my series 2 and it is soft, supple, smooth, comfortable and ventilated for a great sleeping experience. i have other bands for other purposes and i like that i can easily change out the bands.
so most of my replacement watches get dirty because when i workout the sweat builds up underneath the band and eventually changes the color of the band on the inside. well this band is great. it does build up dirt by the clasp but not all over like my other bands.
the band is lightweight (which i really like) and doesn't irritate my skin.  i wear it daily when cycling or going to bootcamp and switch out with nylon band for work.  it's easy to interchange the bands and this band fits well unlike some bands that don't fit snugly within the watch face.
my husband wanted this band for his apple watch 2 so he could switch it out from the grey nike band that came with the watch.  this band looks sharp and installs easily on the watch.  so far he's happy with it and hasn't had any trouble.
this is my go-to strap now. extremely sturdy, very comfortable, and looks good. i love that the excess of the strap goes under, not over, so it makes it very secure for water sports or other extreme sports. i went jet skiing in lake tahoe with it on and it was very secure.
i bought a couple of red iwatch bands to compare them all.  this one is appeared the most neon red with a slight hue of pink.  if you are looking for a dark red color i would pick another band.  however if you run at night and want some visibility this would be the band to go with.
i really love the look of this band. it fits great on my small wrist. only downfall is due to my ocd-- the band is just a tad bit too thin because it doesn't slide into the band slots quite right. one side always ends up hanging out a little but it's such a minor thing that i still give it the five stars it deserves. for $9, i can't complain because it's still solid quality and very pretty.
i purchased this band to replace my worn apple band. i wanted a more comfortable band. i especially like the band’s light weight and the holes make it cooler too. the band also feels comfortable during my morning runs and daily wearing.
not the same feel as a genuine apple band, more of a rubbery feel. color matches perfectly to neon green nike watch.
so far so good.  this band feels a lot lighter on the skin than the band that comes with the watch.  i'm using it on a series 4 44mm watch, so it is compatible with that as well as the advertised series 1/2/3 and 38/42 mm sizes.
i love this watch band.  it’s comfortable to wear.  and, much more fun than the plain black band that came with my apple watch.  the reason i gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is because the band is more of a red-orange than the true red i had hoped for.
fit nicely. can't complain too much. seem a tad thinner hence more flexible that original apple band. this is a 'plus' for me because of my small wrist. black bank isn't as deep black but rather very dark grey.
this band is great! my only complaint is i have to secure the fastener knob a bit more than the original band that comes with apple watch, but it is great quality. i'm often asked if it's a nike band. love this band, especially for how much i paid for it.
rapid delivery. perfect fit. the best part, no allergic reaction like i got from the white silicon band that came with my apple iwatch. the band that came with the watch is a solid silicon band whereas this one has the ventilated holes. not sure if that has anything to do with it but so happy that this band is fine. highly recommend. thank you admaster! really appreciate your product.
when it arrived i was surprised at how lightweight and flexible it was. i thought it was going to be crummy but it’s honestly pretty good quality. i’ve never had one of the legit nike sport bands but this is so much more comfortable than the solid band that came with the watch. the pink is more like a bubblegum pink than the pink sand that compliments my rose gold watch. we’ll see how it holds up.
i've only worn one of the bands so far, but it looks great and fits well. it's a nice thickness and doesn't look as inexpensive as it is. i like it a lot.
the band fit perfectly. very soft the colors are perfect. i have had no problems with the clip. all in all this is a great band and i will be buying another for my husband in the future. i highly recommend this band over paying $50 or more for the same thing at best buy
i never purchase the original apple bands due to cost. i can’t tell the difference between the two. feels great and i’ve gotten a lot of compliments from my coworkers!  i definitely will order more.  matter of fact, let me order the blue/white now. 🤣🤣🤣
these are perfect.  fit my watch well and are quite secure once they are on you wrist.  they also are quite sturdy.  i ride horses and have my hands in dirt and water etc. they are holding up nicely.  great price!
super easy to swap out the bands and i get a ton of compliments on this! really durable as well, i’ve been wearing it daily for a month, through workouts, a camping trip, and a three day music festival, and there’s no discoloration or damage. looks good as new! i’ll definitely be buying more colors from this seller.
i really like this watch band. only had for a few days but it’s more comfortable than the apple. its seems like it will hold up well. it’s a little lighter and not quite as thick. i’m ordering more colors.
i’m reluctant to give this review only 3 stars as this band is well made and comfortable as advertised but i ordered a red band and the one i received is orange. i couldn’t even pass it off as a red band to my kids. everyone i ask says it’s orange. i’m disappointed to say the least and wonder why it is so difficult to get anything in the color red.
very soft and comfortable.  the hardware fits into the track perfectly.  it could be a tad more red, though.  this is a little orange, but i still wear it on uga football days!
this band is perfect! it is soft, easy to install and looks great. a word of advice, though, it is not as long as the large apple band. i don’t have big wrists and i went with the larger size.
purchased this to help with sweating under the band when walking distances.  didn't help much with the sweating issue but i loved the way the band looked and will continue to wear.
i have had this band for a few months and really like it! it fit perfectly into the apple watch. it breaths well and is holding up nicely. the color is a very light pink with white around the holes.
great band! i’ve been using this one on and off for a couple months and it’s one of my favorites. it is flexible, soft and the pink/lavender color i chose is a good one. definitely recommend!
i love the look and feel of this band. the material is very lightweight and doesn’t feel bulky on my wrist and the holes make it feel nice and airy. i’m a little concerned about the hole to fasten it getting stretched out though. i guess we will see how it stands up with time.
it is an ideal band, fits perfectly and is one of the cutest bands i own. i like to swap out my bands and this one is one of the easier ones to put on and take off and it clasps securely.
it’s nice and almost look like the apple version except the vintage pink doesn’t match the iwatch rose gold. it doesn’t even look like vintage. it’s just looks like pink. pink fanatics would love it.
these bands are the closest you will get to the real thing. however it is not the same quality as apple. its good...but just not the same quality. but still really good.
got this for myself bc i didn’t want to spend 50 on a nike pro one. it looks just like the pics, was pristine white when t came in unlike some of the pics posted by others, and fits the watch very well
better than the one that came with the watch...more stylish and supple materials.....may have to pick up some other colors.
unfortunately: i wore it for a week and had a bad allergic reaction to something it is made out of but it has a great look and very good price.
i like this watch band much better than the stock band that ships with the apple watch.  it is much more comfortable and allows your wrist to breathe in hot weather.
this band fit pretty good. just had to trim the ends where it slides into the watch in order to keep the end tips from sticking out. other than that it is a great product. i wear it daily on my 44 mm apple watch.
i’ve purchased similar bands from other sellers on and they were thinner and didn’t connect the the watch well. this watch connects like an original band and is very good quality. i plan on purchasing again in different colors.
these are sweet, i love the colors.  i have purchased 3 of them now and i’m planning on getting some more.  they size exactly like the factory band so they are easy to equate.
i like how they a packaged and that they are true to fit. price is great and so far they are working great. haven't had a chance to wear each of them yet so hope they hold up for a while.
meh, it looks nice, but to the honest my watch still sticks to me and i still sweat under this one..... maybe not as much, but still a little sticky.
i changed my iwatch wrist band. i brought three bands. one directly replaces what my original band looks like, the other two i ordered was to see if i would like a different style. i’m pleased with the replacement band and the change of style. great product!
owned a black and grey one that came with my series two and wore it to the ground. got this as a replacement and its great. feels subjectively better than the original, but is more stretchy and probably isn't as durable. still for the money it's great.
i'm not a fan of replacement bands, but this one changed my mind. fit and finish are excellent. i dont see any reason that this won't last as long as an original apple band.
soft and flexible. works great. has a small pink spot embedded in the band on the bottom by the clasp, looks like a slight defect from manufacturing, but not worth returning it.
the quality of the product is great but unfortunetly the fitting is really bad. there are huge gaps on both sides of the band when installed on the 42mm apple watch. i have attached the pictures for reference
almost like the original, fits great . pay attention on the sizes, there is a med and large sizes for your wrist size . other than that im super happy with the product. it looks just like the picture
the customer service was great, and the product meets my expectations. i really appreciate lily’s attention my situation. i would purchase again and recommend to a friend.
great band for the price.  it is a little long for me so takes a little longer to tuck in, but honestly not much difference between the apple brand and this band except price!
fantastic apple watch band. looks good and fits perfectly. good quality materials and workmanship. just as nice as an original apple product, but at a much better price
i love this band!
i ordered  this item for my watch, as my work often takes me outside in 100+ weather it’s soft, durable and looks good i am very pleased with this band.
matches the factory sport band on my son's gen 3 apple watch.  i ordered the long one and it is more than long enough for my 8" wrists! feels great on my arm! fast shipping from this vendor.
it’s really nice. the quality is great. i love the design. i have bought other non apple bands befor; but this one is nicer. it’s soft and made well.
love the band!!! it's a great quality and looks exactly like the photo. i really recommend this product and will be ordering more. it's also easy to clean, which it does since it's white. the pink and white also compliment each other really well.
i forget i'm even wearing it. non apple brand bands can sometimes feel rubbery and unpleasant, but this one feels great! good quality and very pretty.
these are very similar to the $50 bands that apple sells, you would never know that they are not oem. overall i am happy with my purchase.
this band is exactly what i expected! i bought the 38mm white/light pink and i love the colors, they look just like the picture. the band fits seamlessly to my watch just like my apple one. i prefer the sports bands, not only because the leave air to breath, but because i have tiny wrists and they give me a perfect fit. i was worried about the white getting dirty, but i wear it to work and it has been easy to clean so far!
fits my apple watch.  i really like the color.  the burnt plastic smell is the worst though. i hope it goes away soon.  hopefully, the band holds up well.
five stars isn’t enough for this band. it is by far the most comfortable band i own. it is lightweight and breathable, which is crucial in hot weather. i will be buying this again in different colors.
yes, you read that right.. cat treat.  my daughter's cat chews on it the second she leaves it lying around.  don't do this.  it's pretty and fits nice!
this band is awesome for the price.  i ordered the s/m and it fits well.  my wrist isn't tiny, so i would say for an average size male the s/m would fit good.  i don't not like a lot of extra space left on the band.
this watch band feels sturdy and well made. very similar to the original apple band that i purchased with my apple watch 3. i will be ordering more colors!
these apple watch bands fit my 42mm apple watch perfectly.  the different color options are nice, and you can't beat the price.  the watch band is thick, and feels pretty sturdy.  item arrived on time, and was packaged well.  i would recommend if you're looking for low cost silicone watch bands.
it is a perfect white and the material is very nice. i am impressed with how smooth the edges are where it touches the watch. would buy again
good looking, great fitting and amazing value for a good band.  may pick up another in a different colorway to mix things up.
i love the look and feel of the watch band. my only complaint is it's somewhat difficult to snap in place. i think the little thing that sticks up that goes into the hole should be a bit taller. i don't have that issue with the apple band that came with the watch. otherwise i really like it once i get it on.
ordered a lot of different apple watch bands for variety, but hands down this is my favorite.  can't recommend highly enough.
this band is comfortable.  it fits well and is soft on my wrist. i purchased after a friend showed me her band of same colors!
i love the different varieties of colors of the bands, they fit my watch perfectly and i do recommend them
great watch strap!  for a alternative to an apple strap, this is perfect.  i have been wearing it for several weeks and i tend to be hard on my watch straps.  this still looks and feels great.
fits, works and feels like the original a rubber watchband but this one breathes and that it what i was looking for.  good.
love this sports apple watch band. i purchased the blue/pink and it looks great with my 42mm rose gold watch.
i have a 42mm rose gold watch. i ordered the black band. it looks good and has a good comfortable fit.
the admaster compatible apple watch bands fits the iwatch perfect. i love the color combination of the bands and getting six of them in a package was so reasonably priced. i absolutely love them. i would recommend them for purchase.
love the style and expect the quality. bought two other colors and have been great. white is just not.. well white. it’s off white. and as annoying as it is i have to return and find a white one, then wait for it to be returned.
this band is really cute and i can't tell the difference between this one and the nike sports band i have from the apple store. great seller!
son loves it. he got an iwatch for his birthday and he wanted the silver watch that comes with a white band...which we were not keen on. he picked this band and loves it.
the band is of good quality and the price makes it a bargain. good for playing sports when your wrists get sweaty as it doesn’t absorb moisture or odors.
unfortunately i had to return because i was one of those folks who developed the rash on my wrist.
fits great and feels very light weight. i love my apple watch but hated the band it came with it always left my wrist sweaty and marked up but not this band.
love this band! it is more flexible and slightly thinner than apples band. love the color with my rose gold watch. def recommend!!!
i bought one in pink and lavender.  it’s nice that it has color but also the white stands out making it versatile with outfits.
love this watch band. don't know why anyone would pay $50 at the apple store when they can get the same thing for so much less.
i love the colors of this wristband! the navy and pink look great with my rose colored watch. can’t beat it for the price
i ordered this band by mistake. i meant to order a watch band with a cover included. it is cute. i will just add it to my collection.
so far so good, lighter silicone thn the original nike band but looks good and wears well.
great watch band for summer and swimming. looks just like the real nike one from apple
purchased these as a "just because" gift for my wife......she loves them. happy wife, happy life! :)
quality product. great replacement or alternative watchband. it is easy to remove and install.
i love this band. the combination of colors is pleasing. fits the watch perfectly. arrived quickly. great value. exactly what i was looking for
nice watch band and very comfortable.  i especially like the two tone colors. i plan on buying more.
i like the band and colors. one thing that sucks i am sensitive to the metal they made the clasp out of. so in order to wear this i have to put small piece of tape over the clasp and it’s fine.
decent for the money. i’ve had othe brands at the same price with better feel to them. not at all the elite material that comes with the watch but way cheaper.
great band, my favorite so far and i’ve had my first generation watch since it came out
these are lightweight and the color online is accurate.  very pleased with this purchase.
i’ve bought a few bands but by far this one is my favorite.  looks good and durable.
love the color, the fit, the flexibility. does not attract dirt, skin oil, fabric color from the sleeves on my clothes.  breathable. my wrist does not sweat during workouts.  fits perfectly with my 38 mm apple watch.
love it, it’s cute, i can make it fit better due to the holes and doesn’t make my wrist sweat like the bands with out holes!
i was honestly pretty skeptical when ordering this because of the mixed reviews and expected to get a folded up piece of paper but it turned out really good. it came rolled around a piece of foam tubing so it wasn’t wrinkled. the image quality isn’t great and it took almost a month to arrive but for the price it was well worth it. not sure how common the results are though.
love this band! i have a woven band, a leather band and the original apple sport band. this by far is the best band. it doesn’t occumulate sweat and odor and still is very cute.
fits perfect, true color description.  i wanted the sport option and the ones from apple are crazy exepensive. these are same quality and so much more affordable.
i have the larger watch and often times the bands for them are really wide and large for a woman.  this band is a great width and fit is great!!
great replacement band. actually softer than oem band. looks and feels like a quality band should and at a great price.
very good quality and love all the colors! i have gotten so many compliments on them.
i’ve had this band for over a month now constantly working outside, color is still bright and white! great product!
very nice band. the color is very nice and the band fits very well. i plan to order several more!
i like it. i love being able to change the bands and colors of the face to get totally different looks!
the holes don't really work for much additional ventilation because the rubber material still makes it sweat against your wrist. but at least it's a cool design/color and wasn't expensive to change the original grey band. easy to install
awesome! way cheaper than buying apple products ! a little long, i could have gotten the s/m
excellent product! i ordered this band for my 42mm and it fits perfectly. i will buy again in different color.
i love this! i would love to purchase more later on. they look great and they have a great feel!
very happy with the band. the colors are great. the material is soft.  i am planning on ordering another color.
super cute and comfy on wrist. the pink is a bit lighter than i expected, but i’ve gotten so many compliments. it’s also really flexible and breathable on my wrist. once i saw this band on apples website, i knew i had to have it but didn’t wanna pay $45 for the nike version. this surpassed my expectations by far!!
love this watch band! i use it every day for normal wear and workouts- has stood up to so much sweat, and still looks great! just wipe it with a disinfectant wipe and go on! great product!
the quality for the manufacturer is far better then the 9 other brands i have tried. the rubber is soft to the touch. they seem to have higher standards then other brands.
i also own a nike branded band and it is very similar but 9x the price.  i will buy one in another color to change things up.
why pay $50.00 for the original ones when you can buy this one that is exactly the same material? very impressed with the quality.
bought for my new series 4,  40mm watch. fits like a glove. way better than paying $49.99 at apple store. i'll be buying a few other colors.
items were the same as on the picture. it fits fine and allows me to switch up my watch bands to coordinate with different outfits for work or leisure.
this is as close to scarlet & gray that i could find, go bucks.
the band has great quality for a very good price! i recommend it!
nice replacement band - fits perfectly, looks good, and is very lightweight & comfortable
it's exactly what it looks like. it seems durable enough as i've had it a few months with no issues.
love the look. fits great and couldn’t ever tell it’s not made by apple.
nice selection great fit and a variety of colors.
nice durable product, exactly as advertised. swift service, stress free transaction
i purchased a second set of bands.  i have a small wrist so the strap is a little long for me.
and looks just like the expensive one.  love it!fits perfectly
great quality and softer more flexible than my apple band.
great looking band.  fits great onto my apple watch.  i would buy it again.
very comfy and light... will buy more in other colors sometime in the future.
this is a great watch band. i recommend getting a small if you can. my wrists aren’t very big and the extra i gave to tuck under blocks the holes and defeats the purpose. other than that it’s great!
nice looking, bands are easy to fit on wrist, easy to clean
pretty. a little hard to get fastened but once on stays put.
i absolutely loved the color. it gave me a change of look for a very affordable price. fit perfectly on my iwatch 42mm. thank you.
this band looks very stylish and authentic. it looks like the same quality as the nike apple bands. it cleans very easily and is extremely comfortable on my wrist all day long. there is no way to argue the value of this band, as the price is so affordable.
i had a similar style band with my old fitbit and i loved it. it's comfortable and breathable unlike the standard one that comes with the apple watch.
band fits great and looks better then the one that came with the watch.
the quality is as good as the apple watch band only this one is prettier and less expensive!
love the band. soft and durable. color combo is great.
updated review:
i got the black one and it looks sleek but also sporty. i have the pink one that comes with the apple watch and i wanted a black one to switch it out. its very comfortable, softer material than the original. no complaints. will probably purchase more from this company when i want other colors.
really like this band. it looks nice and allows my wrist to breathe easier than the previous band. cheap too!
i love my watch bands.  i already had one of these in red/black and i absolutely love them.  easy to put on and breathable when working out.
the band is nice! i love the color and the contrast to the rose gold watch is nice. the only problem i’ve noticed is that it will stretch a bit after wearing it for a few weeks. overall it’s good quality for the price!
very happy with this product so far—lightweight, fits well, allows skin to breathe, good selection of colors. this appears to be a great value for the price.
very good product, great buy
got this instead of the nike. like the color. wish the band could have been a little thicker. it’s very comfortable and breathable.
prefer this as for the oem brand, exact fit and great looking finish.
this band fits great. the look is really nice as well.
band looks and feels just as the apple bands do, love it!
similar to band that comes with the sport apple watch. slight difference with the clasp. but it works well
i swim almost every day and having this watch band is great for that. very comfortable. just what i wanted.
lots of compliments. people think i bought the nike i watch
everyone loves this strap for my apple watch.
product arrived on time.  fit was as close to a factory fit as possible i think.  you have to wiggle the band slightly to get it to lock in place, once in place it’s locked well.  looks good, wears well on the wrist and easily installed.  hope they have bands ready for the apple watch 4, i will be using them as soon as they have product ready!
i’m very happy with this watch band!  my watch came with solid black which i thought was too masculine.  this white band really softens the look!  it’s perfect!!
extremely satisfied with the watch band.
very good watch band. very comfortable! looks good on.
bought this band for my 11 yr old who has a smaller wrist and therefore doesn't get a great fit with the original strap that came with the watch. he loves this band and it looks pretty secure on his hand.
i just bought a rose gold watch and this band is beautiful on it.  it arrived very quickly and i am very pleased
great band! easy to fasten and adjust. love the colors and looks great with rose gold!
very happy with fit, design and quality. color just as described.
this band is one of the best out of the other like it i have purchased. no complaints. came as expected.
it was a gift for my boyfriend and he was thrilled. loves the color!
was shocked.. first one i got was poor quality but the seller was kind enough to replace at no charge. second band works a lot better than the first one. coulda just been a bad batch at the time.
i have different colors, good materials
just as pictured and fits very well even the biggest wrist would have no problem with this band.
fit perfectly love the feel of it. plan to get another in different color.
what a cute band for my rose apple watch ! love it
great band for the price, dark gray version
i’m a hairstylist and this band is perfect when washing out my clients. it’s dries extremely easily and hasn’t stained when color has gotten on it!
great to use with your i watch while playing golf or tennis. the design allows perspiration to escape.
great color and quality. my wife was jealous and bought one after she saw me wearing it.
band is exactly how it is shown. fits great, great for working out, have only had it for 2 weeks but so far i recommend it.
love this band. the factory band was very large on my wrist. i had it at the 2nd smallest latch. this band was a small/medium and fits perfect! more breathable than the factory band! and i love the color!! easy to swap out and put on.
i love it...so awesome....i will get more....got here on time and there was no probiles. thaks amazon
update: customer service was very quick to reply by email to my review. they refunded me and sent a new one as soon as they saw the trouble i had. great customer service is almost more valuable than the product if you ask me.
love this wrist band! great price and looks just like picture. i purchased the red / black band and it is now my favorite band. i love that it is breathable and is nice enough to wear with my work clothes. great purchase!
this is a christmas gift.
i am very pleased with the watch bands. it is a great value and i recommend this purchase for anyone that wants sporty band options for their apple watch.
you cannot tell the difference from original one
great for summer wear-cooler than the solid silicone bands
fits great around my wrist! no problems changing bands - seamless installation. pin actually fits snugger than original apple band. i like the holes for breathability - wore it while hicking on a 95 degree day!
i love my new watch band. it is really soft and looks great. i like to switch up my watch bands and this one is my current favorite.
love the price , quality and look of this applewatch band!
good band, but the red is not red, its more orangy.
my daughter loves this!
i absolutely love this band, doesn’t leave me with a sweat build up under it, keeps my wrist dry, and break out free. i will be ordering more like it :)
great apple watch replacement band.
fit perfectly and is exactly as pictured.
good quality, looks pretty- not too "sporty" let's my wrist breathe. i've bought other bands before that were really cheaply made, but this one is good. little thinner than the original apple band i got with my watch, but i like it.
i love this band!  as soon as i took it out of the packaging, i switched out my original band and put this one on.  it’s perfect!  can’t wait to workout tomorrow!  great price also.
i love this band. it’s breathable and still looks nice to wear to both the office or the gym.
just what i wanted! will order a few more in different colors.
easy to clean and doesn’t become dirty easily.
very satisfied. cute and stylish for summer.
fit exactly as i expected and produce was described exact
very nice design, perfect fit and great to wear during workouts
great band for the price.
very nice product.  it did stretch a little bit on me but it still nice
love it! just like the picture. fits great.
i loved this bands! prettiest of all those i have, quality impeccable! perfect
great band! held up better than others i’ve tried!
i absolutely love this band! it is super cute. it is lightweight. with beautiful colors. it’s not as thick as the original apple watch band but it definitely feels durable. i would recommend this to anyone.
great band, fits perfect i’ll recommend it!
a great alternative to apples bands. would love more color options!
adorable band, but way too long for my wrist. i have the 42mm watch and had to trim the end of the band to fit properly. super cute though.
love it! so much softer and flexible than the original band that came with my watch. and the color is great. goes really well with the rose gold watch.
i'd expect this kind of quality in a band worth $50. no regrets... great watch band.
looks like the niki bands, tough
comfortable
great product for less than $10. my watch is very well protected
this band is really comfortable and soft.
it’s super comfortable and great for when your sweating.
great look and fit. high quality!
love this band...wear when i want a sporty look!
great feel to wear all day. stylish and secure.
product was as described with fast shipping. why pay more?
fits great and looks good!
the watchband arrived the next day and is exactly what i hoped it would be!
i recently purchased this band and i can’t tell you how much i love it. you won’t be disappointed with it
very comfy. soft silicone. love it
nice band and a great price.  love all the different colors.
this is a great product! my father-in-law has a band like this but he paid $45 at the apple store for it. great price and i would highly recommend it. very comfortable and durable! love it!
purchased this for my 20 year old daughter, she absolutely loves it. we will buy more colors for sure.
feels like an apple watch band and works perfectly.
great band at a great price!
love it!fits perfectly!
comfortable
feels great on my wrist , also looks great , nice price
i love this band. it is cooler than the plain silicone bands. i have had several compliments.
love it. color is beautiful. looks nice and the office and at the gym. i wear it when i’m in the shower and when i swim. durable and fashionable. i’m would recommend this band for sure.
this band is not bad at all and the practice is reasonable
arrived on time.  color as advertised.  good color selection.  correct size.  easy to swap out bands.  seems well made / durable (i've only had it a week).  excellent value.  would purchase again if i want a variety of colors.
exactly what i was looking for. looks like the picture. the only downside is i'd prefer the nob/latch thing to be black or red to match the band but silver works too.
nice band
band looks good and works well.
quality and comfort seem to be right on par with the original $50 nike+ band you can purchase from apple. if there is one thing i could change it would be swapping out the silver lock pin for a black pin.
the preferated band works perfect. the solid bands make you sweat. highly recommend.
had it for five months now and will never go back to the apple original equipment.
great item, very satisfied
fits great.  love the color.
bands fit great. good quality
love this watch band! super comfortable!
as described and arrived quickly!
i love this product.  the bands are soft and flexible but still durable.  great price as well.
great quality!
this band is soft and flexible yet feels substantial.  very similar in feel to the original nike band that came with the watch.  i wanted an extra band in a darker color and this is quite nice.
love the watch band
got it for my wife as a gift and she loved it.
fits as expected.  nice quality.  will definitely be buying more watch bands from this seller.  why pay $50 from the apple store when you can get a quality band for much less!!!
love it
may the most amazing looking band,but it fits and gets the job done for the cost
great band.  feels and looks great.
my wife is petite and it is hard to find accessories that fit her. this not only for like a charm but was in pink! i may have won husband of the year for this one!!
like the original apple band
excellent quality, very similar to my nike band
love it
updated 8/10: the seller contacted me and sent me a new band as a replacement. very happy and satisfied. thank you!
absolutely love this watch! it’s soft and comfortable. a great alternative to the nike watchband. worth every cent and going to get more colors for sure
just as described. love the look and material. great buy!
updated: nov 10, 2018. i was contacted by customer service about getting a replacement band. they sent me another one. love it!!! thanks
very nice replacement watch band!
nice.
great product. same as apple watch band but a fraction of the cost. works great and high quality
this band (perforated silicone) is not as thick as the apple band; i like it much better. i’ve only had it for a week, so i hope it stands the test of time. quality appears to be good.
cool
i am in love with this band! i have tried other bands and haven’t found one that is comfortable and stylish until now. i will buy the other colors now that i know it’s one that i want.
nice band
cute and comfortable
band works well, no complaints. if anything, the rubber part that slots into the watch face may not be as firm and precise as more expensive bands, but it hasn’t caused any issues so far.
super soft feel to the band and colors exactly as expected!
👍
very adjustable.  nice fit.
i love
i have bought several different watch bands (i like variety), but this one is the one i wear the most, besides the original apple band. i like the breathability that the holes provide when i workout, and it looks great when wearing everyday clothes too.
i can get pretty skeptical when purchasing things online, but i’m incredibly happy with this watch band.  the material is great and feels very sturdy and durable. for anyone looking for an affordable apple watch band, this is it. i’ll definitely  be purchasing other colors.
this is a really good item. works well with the watch and fitness.
nice band for the price. i’ve had it a couple months and it’s still in great shape
feels and looks great
very good for the price, band could have been a little bit thicker though.
very pleased ... just as described
the band is the exact color i was hoping for. delivery was quick with prime.
love this band. the colors stand out well and it looks great with my rose gold watch. i have numerous complements on it since the first day i wore it. it fits the watch well, stays clasped well, and is easy to change out.
love this band.
i purchased this for my 42mm series 3 apple watch. it looks great! i have large wrists and easily have plenty of notches to use. looks great with the black watch.
i really like this strap! cute and good quality!
cute
this band is super soft and very comfortable to wear. i’m very happy with it.
very good product. i love it.
fits my 8 inch wrist & good quality.
perfect. exactly as described
like the look and quality for the price paid!
great watch band.  quality is great and it look exactly like pictured.
my wife approves
love this band. very light and breathable for workout and summer wear. i ordered 2 colors and love the white/lavender for the summer. same fit and closure as original apple silicone band.
perfect just what i needed and is quite comfortable!
very soft i like it a lot.
just love it 😍
great band at a fraction of the cost at the apple store.  i cannot tell the difference between the bands at the store and this one.
as expected
fits apple watch perfectly and wears vey nicely.
these are the best!  they have every type for $10!  apple charges $50. this is an identical product. i’ll be getting all of them and assed the ink in to y friends....thank you.....
looks just like the one sold at apple for a quarter of the cost. must have
this is a great product for the price. connects to the watch properly and won’t fall off like some other cheap bands. only complaint is the thickness of the band is less than an oem apple band. other than that i love it!
great!
great band for the price. i love it!
quality product at a great price.
perfect
i’m amazed at the watch band. it works well with my series 3 apple watch. a good purchase.
comfy and stays securely fastened.
i will be getting all of these bands.  they are identical to the ones sold at apple for 5x the price!  i love a good deal and i love changing my watchband out!  thanks!
looks great, and a great price.
its texture is smooth and it fits my wrist perfectly
very soft and comfortable
super easy to install. wifey loves it.
personally have no issue buying premium products at a higher price, but felt totally ripped off by apple for a replacement band so bought this band instead.  well worth the 10 bucks... 5 to 1 any day!
love this band!  great quality, very comfortable and flexible.  planned to use it once in a while along with the blush one i got from apple and i'm ending up wearing this one every day because i love it so much!  excellent price too!
perfect fit
i love this band. exactly what i wanted.
love it
love
i love this watch band! i’ve had it for about a month, and it still looks perfect. the white doesn’t get dirty like i thought that it might, and i wear it all day every day. the material is super soft, and it’s not as stiff as the regular apple watch band.
perfect fit!
i like this band because my wrist doesn’t sweat as bad because of the holes.
cheaper in price apple watch wristband replacement.
i love this wristband. it is well made and it works great for the gym. i actually use it all the time: at the office, the gym and even church. love it.
great band for a great price!
cheap in price apple watch wristband replacement.
works great
it fits great. i’m impressed with the quality and really like the color of the band.
perfect item. as described. quick shipper. fantastic.
looks great. fits well around my wrist. only issue is that the band doesn’t fit great into the watch. it hangs out a bit (see photos). but most third party bands do this.
great item as described love the feel and comfort
works on my apple watch
love the feel of this band. it fits well and is durable. easy to switch bands!
cute band, although a little tough to fasten... but i like it anyway.
love it. way cheaper than apple. thinner feels better on wrist and holes help with sweating. colors are awesome
love it!!
it looks really nice on my arm and it is very comfortable!!
i love it!  it was a nice change from my black band.  the quality is pretty good for the price.  not quite as thick as the apple version, but works just as well.
great and nice
these bands are beautiful and it has really really good quality, i diffidently recommend it.
added a splash of color and eye catching pattern to my watch!
quality it’s seems good 8/10
great product great feel, look and price. looks just like the original  apple
this is the first replacement watch band i’ve purchased, and i am very pleased. it allows me to get my watch tighter than the s/m sized band that my watch came with, so therefore my heart rate monitor works more accurately. pretty colors, easy to use, etc.
this is the best apple watch band i have had! i got it because the little perforations let air in while i am exercising. it is also a plus for when working (as a trauma nurse)
very durable and i love the colors.
super soft and comfortable. fits just like the expensive nike brand that came with apple watch, but softer!!!
awesome watch band!
great fit! comfortable. easy to install and remove.
this band for my apple watch was perfect and of god quality. was a great fit and adds a great look to the apple watch. more comfortable than the original band that comes with apple watch and was very easy to change out.
ordered two of these!  love them!
nice band, i’ve been having trouble with the metal irritation so the seller is being very helpful with getting me a new band that hopefully won’t have the issue. great customer service!
fits great
this band is very apple-like.  i liked the vibrant color i chose and the way it feels on my wrist.
fit perfect good price compare to buy it at apple
looks just like the photo and is very dependable i love it
great band. love the way it looks
nice!
i am an outdoor exerciser and love this watch band because the holes actually help with air flow which helps reduce the moisture
runs a little small in my opinion
love this band. the holes that it snaps together with are very secure. i am active and this band is perfect for workouts.
this product was delivered very quickly. it is very light and extremely comfortable. looks great and it’s lighter than the original band. very happy with this product.
i like the holes in it because it allows more air flow and it dries much faster than the factory apple band it comes with.
nice band looks and feels good
love the band, it fits comfortably but the color is a little off
good quality, just what i wanted. would definitely buy again.
cute, comfortable, good value
comfortable, easy to adjust.  great color!
very nice, i liked it a lot, i got compliment of many people
perfect fit easy to get on
bands fits good! clasp doesn’t hold tightly when putting on watch in wrist. take a little effort to make it stay but over all good product!
i recently got the rose gold watch but did not like the band color. love this band and it attaches without any issues! thanks!
this is the perfect band for me!! it’s so lightweight, compared to the other bands that it doesn’t even feel like it’s on your wrist. super breathable! i’m obsessed with it!
really great band. soft and supple.  doesn’t make my skin sweat. latch mechanism is solid. rail mechanism works great and secures solidly.
best purchase!  looks and works great with my apple watch.  i like to change it up. i've worn it swimming, running and everyday use.
the colors are nice and the band is very comfortable.
looks and functions just like apple’s band, for a fraction of the cost!
fits good
i had bought other bands on amazon but this one has no issues. nice color. good band. doesn’t come off. feels like just the original nike apple watch band.
great price point and the band is completely stylish. love the pink and white combination too!
just as advertised .. quick delivery
good
there is no difference between this and the apple brand i’m happy same material and everything
we love the new apple watch wristbands they are soft and  comfortable and easy to change. thank you for such a wonderful product.
second of these bands that i’ve bought, i now have a red one and a white one. great bands, work great, and they are of great quality
this is awesome! it feels and looks identical to the apple watch bands. you can't even tell the difference! would recommend!
fits perfectly! looks great with the rose gold face!
very nice band, well made and comfortable,  my wrist doesn't get as hot and sweaty as with a regular band.
will definitely buy additional ones they are as nice as nike and much cheaper. wears nice also.
it came on time. nice color and great fit.
watch band as described, better than the original apple bands
it's a lot thinner that the original apple bands but so far it's been holding up and it looks nice.
love the band. way to put on & love the colors
looks great easy to put on.  got some nice compliments !! love it !
love this!  ordered two more colors.
great
love the breathable texture in this-the holes really help when i’m working out. pretty colors, too!
like the white and pink colors with my rose gold apple watch and got it to use while swimming.
love this band :) fits great and is pretty good quality. will def order more colors !!!
luv this. perfect fit.
great colors
love the product, i’m extremely satisfied with my purchase and definitely will recommend to all my family and friends
love the white/black band. it was perfect, fit great.
watch and arrived quickly and fits great. i really like the play on and gray color and it is very comfortable.
i love this watch band. it's looks exactly as described online. i've been wearing it for almost two months and have no complaints.
good quality.  fits perfectly.  extremely happy with my purchase. good packaging.  i will buy more from this vendor.
loved the color combination. very comfortable.
nice colors
i love the look of this band and this it is a great sporty option for summer.  packaging was easy to open and band stays put perfectly.  great buy!
great replacement band!
good quality
great band
fits perfectly! good for everyday use
great band!
very comfortable watch band.
just what i wanted
great product and fast service.
i absolutely love it. so easy to put on and is very secure. i can easily adjust it if too tight. i will be buying another color.
looks great and works great!
looks and feels great! better than another brand i purchased on amazon at near the same price.
band fits well and looks good
nice and soft! fits great too
durable and fits as it should. was delivered as per expected.
this band is great quality for the money.
well made. fits snugly. super light.
great fit and i am loving it. the only issue i find which made me give 4 stars is the initial fitting. it feels it's a little lose.
looks just like the more expensive apple version and works great.
love my soft pink band .very comfortable.will order more colors.
i received this in the time that it was promised. it is exactly as described. and it is perfect.
excellent item
they fit great and i love the variety it gives me. great quality.
great band for running or working out.
great colors! easy to install!
this is definitely the closest you're going to get to a apple produced watch band. it fits well and is breathable. it's a great alternative to the actual apple watch band
great product. it fit perfectly and i have a big wrist. the large worked great!
very nice band
totally made this purchase right.
please with color. great quality
my new watch band looks like some i saw at the apple store. the holes make it cooler on my arm than the band that came with my watch.
excellent quality replacement band, probably better than the original.  good selection of colors.
good quality
love that i can adjust it to my size! i have a tiny wrist so it’s great
love this band. super comfy and light. i wear it all the time!
best purchase! works great with my apple watch. have worn it swimming, running, and everyday use.
the watch band looks great and is comfortable. i also have received a lot of positive comments on the band.
looks great!
i bought this for my daughter’s apple watch. she loves it.
love it. i wear it all the time!
👍🏻
love the colors! can be hard to clasp with one hand sometimes but nothing too frustrating. i’m loving it and i’ve gotten compliments on it!
only had a few days but i absolutely love it. no issues so far.
very nice
perfect for my taste
👌👌 slightly different from original iwatch band but this itself is sufficient and worth to use 👌👌
just as described, i love it
love it! the band is soft and it feels as an apple brand watch band.
easy to use...looks good on my wrist!
this band is exactly what i wanted!!!!! the colors are percent, good fit and i definitely would buy another color.  quick shipping and i’d do business again.
as expected.
great quality and fast shipping!
i loved this product!! it was great and usually it would cost 50 dollars to get a band and instead they cost lower than 10 dollars!! amazing product for an amazing price!!
shipped quick and fit perfectly.  what a great alternative to purchasing bands from apple!
great value for the price.
watch band is very soft and comfortable, i love it
perfect! i ordered the wrong size which is my fault but the item still fits and does what i bought it for which is to help my wrist breath more and not sweat so much while wearing it.
love it
consistent fit compared with oem products.
love this band! it’s not as firm as the apple bands, a little more flimsy but still really like it! the pink matches my rose gold watch very well!
this was exactly what i was expecting when i ordered.
i like the price. i havent found any flaws with the product. the band fits as good as the original band that came with my watch.
exactly what i wanted . came on time
works perfectly and looks like new. when i tell people that i got a refurbished one they’re shocked because it looks so nice. functionality is great and it looks great too. very very happy with it.
product was delivered quickly and fits the watch perfectly. no issues.
love it! arrived on time and is exactly as seller described.
so far, so good. love how this band looks and it’s great to wear when i work out.
the product was exactly as described in the description and is great very soft and fit perfect ! good price.
****review update. someone from the company saw my review and contacted me to offer to refund and replace the band. i thought this would be a hassle but they were made it easy. the new band has been working perfectly and i would recommend. ***this seemed good quality and i wore it once. i tried to wear it again one side of the band won’t click into the watch and slides out. very disappointed.
absolutely love this watch band. looks and feels just like the original from apple. highly recommend!
looks great fit is nice
great band! feels just like the oem apple ones! buying another one!
exactly what i was wanting. well made.
she loves it so when she's not able to look at her phone at work or when she's busy and she loves it for her exercise
very soft & comfy. color is a bit off. ordered red and it seems off red - not quite red but not quite orange. i may return do to funky color.
i like that it doesn't sweat on my arm. the holes keep the air moving and it doesn't stick to my arm. the color is really pretty too.
great product at a great price...i'll be buying more and telling friends.
excelente.
good value for money
this apple watch band is excellent. great value, color is perfect!!
i’ve ordered a lot of bands off of amazon and this one is definitely my favorite. fits great and doesn’t fall off when i exercise
my iphone watch band was great
love them
the band is great! i accidentally bought the wrong size, but it still works anyways. band helps keep my wrist from getting super sweaty.
i love the fact that this band is a little longer than most other replaceable bands..it is really nice quality!!
the bands are outstanding. i love them and will be buying more from this company when i need some more.
looks and fits great!
good quality and just like pictures
this band has been great.  i love the colors and the holes provide great breathability.  highly recommend!
good quality band and great prize.
fits just as i expected, very easy to set up, but it got really sweaty compared to my other black silicon watch band that my watch came with.
this watch band is every bit as good as the apple watch band that caught my eye at the apple store.  way less expensive and exactly the same.  i love it!
love it! cute & comfortable
very comfortable to wear and fits well. too early to tell how durable it is after a few days of use but it seems like it will hold up for a while
fits great and love the sporty look.
these look great and fit great. they are flexible and durable with a soft feel. buy with confidence!
ordered this for my daughter and she loves it.
cheaper and is 5 star quality. so satisfied with this purchase i wear it everyday. i got so many compliments on this wrist band:)
really liked the band!  and is was a reasonable cost
like the holes in the band. not so sweaty around my wrist. nice color too—soft looking
excellent material, just like the original nike band!!
quick replacement of original band. band is a little thinner than the original band. quality seems good. time will tell.
nice
the band is really soft and i love the colors together.
love this band. the holes allow for the band to breath when you sweat. and the colors are so cute!
band looks and feels great.  easy to slip on to the 38mm watch.
i love this watch band. exactly what i ordered. no complaints.
i love the apple watch band.  fits perfect.
very comfortable band.  should cost twice the $10 spent!  great product thanks!
watch band was the same as the picture.  attached to watch without a problem
the 42mm apple watch band is great!! so much better than the band i had before. this one was such a great price too!!
great
this was a gift for my daughter - to go with her new apple watch.  she is very happy with both the looks and the quality of the watch band.
great product. fits snuggly just like real apple brand.
love it
very comfortable band, easy to install. good quality and fast shipping! i will order more.
quality, looks like expensive oem
very good, soft, and comfortable!!! i like it 😊
looks great
nice quality. perfect for sports or casual days.
awesome wristband that is just as good as the nike one !!!
love it
i loved that it looks like the nike watch band but for a fraction of the price! i think it looks so good! it’s also very lightweight and comfortable
exactly what i need for exercise.
seems like good quality band. i've only worn it for 1 week. adjustable for small wrist.
love this band so much and a lot of compliments.
this is exactly the color and style i was looking for.  i am going to order in 2 more colors.  great buy!!
love this👍🏽 will buy again🤪
good material. recommend, cheaper then the nike band but just as good i think.
very nice! watch band is as advertised!!!
excellent product. much more affordable that other bands of the same design. i really love the holes since they keep my wrist from getting all sweaty.
quick shipping. very comfortable, so far so good.
love this band! perfect fit. doesnt have strong rubbery smell. comparable to more expensive brands. definitely recommend these bands!
so cute and easy to install on my apple watch.  lots of compliments!!
quality material for the price. would highly recommend.
enjoying this watch band. enjoyed this watch band so much order a couple more (wife lost one).
great color options. i wear a different band each day.
great for the price!
so far so good my husband got a black version and it ripped but mine has been ok.
got this for my daughter and she loves it. great quality and got here quickly.
it looks really nice!
fits as expected, durable material that's perfect for running or any athletic activity. much lighter than the stock silicone band that apple provides.
great experience. thanks!
works great! breathable band, comfortable and enjoyed using it. great band for the price!
looks just like the picture. it fits. had no issues.
love the band. definitely worth buying instead of $50 for a “nike band”
work well. sports, exercise and while working in shop.
i love it! it fits perfectly and it's extremely comfortable.
only band i use now!! comfortable while working out and stylish while on the go
perfectly fit to apple watch
imo better than the original apple band. it is much more flexible and more comfortable.
i ordered a 42mm sport band for my apple watch #2 it came on time and i installed it easily and i  am wearing it now.
wanted a nike like band for the gym and this works well and is wayyyyyy cheaper. no issues with fit or comfort
absolutely love it
love my new band.  the holes allow air flow therefore my wrist doesn’t get sweaty. looks great.
this is a great watch band! i love the colors and it fits great!
the band has a nice style and feel to it fits perfectly on my 42 i would highly recommend this apple band to other buyers
love it
wears just as good as nike band, actually looks better.
well made and stylish. looks and wears as well as bands for 5 times as much money. very satisfied. looking forward to seeing more styles.
love it both for the comfort and the price!
product fit my watch perfectly and works great whether i’m just wearing it or working out with it on.
looks and feels awesome on your hand, really soft and durable
great band!  the same feel as the ones that come with the watch and others that i have purchased in stores, but at a much better price.
great transaction with the seller and the band feels good compared to the standard one, especially for workouts. thx
great looking band and very comfortable for work or play!!!
great quality. very cute. great price.
it is a wonderful product.  it came in a very timely manner and functions just as described.  i will definitely order from them again!
great fit, comfortable band!
purchased this item as a gift. the recipient loves it, will definitely buy this is more colors!!
item was as advertised.
exactly what i wanted.
love it and it was delivered on a timely manner
i ordereded the blue/pink 42mm band and it attached to my watch perfectly. it is exactly as described and feels like it is good quality.
mine was for series 2 size 42. fits fine, no issues.
really great inexpensive alternative to the nike watch bands. nice feel on the skin, great colors & a great look! i highly recommend!
snazzy band
we ordered 2 of these bands and absolutely love them!!  the quality is awesome!! we will definitely be purchasing additional colors!!
love this band !!!
item received was exactly as the ad. thank you
i love it
excelente producto
good fit and finish and snaps securely in place. is a good value when compared to the bands sold by apple.
product was what i ordered, fit well and arrived in stated delivery time.  overall, i was pleased with my purchasing experience.
nice color and material. looks nice too.
it's a good, cheap alternative. wide array of colors to choose from and does not feel any different than the original strap.
love it.  fits great.  workout daily and it doesn’t move.
quality is very good and breathes nice!
this is an awesome watch band.  i was concerned it was not going to be of a high quality due to the price, but i couldn't be more satisfied.
love the color and fit it looks just like the apple band it was easy to install.
perfect fit and color combo's
great purchase, this band is very comfortable and lightweight
i like to change my band to match my outfits.  easy to change and comfy
i like the combination of the white and pink and looks more expensive than it is.
awesome
nice quality, nice fit!
this is the second band i’ve purchased and i love them!
band was a little smaller than i expected. but overall good product.
super good!
this band is really good quality. delivery was as promised.  im super satisfied with my new band.
this watchband is exactly as described. love it!
they are really easy to use, i got them early. they look good with my outfits. i do wish you could pick your own 6-pack
bought this for the hubby and he loves it. he said it is his favorite style from others we have bought.
great combination of bands. easy to replace
justamente como es el la foto, buen material.
love it!!
it fits great and feels soft! needless to say, i was pleasantly surprised.
this watch band was delivered as described. highly recommend.
great band
good quality, good price, and it looks nice.
fit perfect!  my wife love the color options.
the band is of wood quality and it was easy to install on the watch
used this as a band for my apple 3 watch. wish you had my size in the grey.
band fit perfectly my apple watch, good material. i will buy more colors soon
i love my new wristband! it sticks out and matches my outfits!! definitely a great purchase
a little too long, i have thin wrists and its hard to put on sometimes.
this band is awesome! looks just like the nike bands and fits great.
don’t have much to say other than it’s a comfortable watch band, and looks really nice
this’s beautiful. i changed my old one to it. i use it everyday. look younger with the pink and white color.
was inexpensive, has worn well and looks great!
great fit
love this band, fits perfect and so much better than paying $50.00 at the apple store
love it. it feels lighter than my old one and fits me just right.
fits well, looks great!
i love this apple watch band, it looks so good with the rose gold on my apple watch! definitely worth the money!!
great fit, made well, looks nice....terrific price!
i love this band! great quality and easy to switch out the old band. light weight and works great at the gym! i love the white with the pink accent. also very affordable to switch out the colors.
it’s smooth and comfortable and well put together.
nice band at a nice price. good quality and worth it.
the watch band is just what my wife wanted and adds a new sporty look to her apple watch.
it’s exactly what i wanted and what was shown.
i bought this for my wife she love it. it lets your skin breath
great watch band. very comfortable and looks identical to the apple brands at a fraction of the cost.
the band is a nice fit comfortable material it doesn't sweat on my arm
great quality! very happy with my purchase!
i like the feel of these and the look, very much worth the money
solid replacement for the watch. great to work out with.
perfect for my daughter, she loves it!
i love it.
it is a little big for my wrist. but works perfect for me.
great product
like the way it looks and feels. only complaint is as i go to tuck in the one piece it comes undone a few times.
i haven’t worn this one yet but feels and fits as described
my son really liked
i love the product
comfortable
love this band. i got compliments first time i wore it.
fits and works great
wrist strap looks great on the apple watch and fits perfectly.
purchase two milanese loop band one for me one for my wife we both love them ...
the colors are beautiful! it is soft and comfortable! i will buy more styles at admaster.
love this strap
great purchase for my husband.
nice
great band, very durable and comfortable to wear! great price as well!
it’s teally good for the money way worth buying a couple of these than one apple one
i think i ordered the wrong size, because it's a little tight. but i'll keep it.
fits perfectly. looks as good as the higher priced, name brand watch bands.
love this watch band, great for people on the go.
perfect!!!
product satisfies the expectations
durable and easy to clean, and multiple colors for a great price.
absolutely love the band. very comfortable and stylish. and you can’t beat the price!
thank you!
received timely manner. just what i wanted.
fits and looks great.
perfect!
completely satisfied!
this product was exactly as advertised and looks and fits great!
comfy & cute! as good as more expensive brand.
this item is exactly as advertised.  it looks good on my watch and was very easy to replace.
love this band. my son loves the look and was very satisfied with the product.
stylish, soft, comfortable, and affordable! would buy again.
love it , fits very well
era justo lo que esperaba. muy bonita
fit iwatch nicely. good colors.
great band
great product for the price
such a great product, works well for working out! good price for a great product!
just like the original! good qualite! i recomendo it!
colors are exactly what i wanted  and the fit is perfect!
excellent colors to change up the look and great quality band.
i was surprised with the quality! these bands are just as good as the ones from apple!
perfect fit. feels nice and comfortable.
very comfortable!
love it!
my daughter bought for me on my birthday... it is a nice band with a reasonable price ..
love the band
i love my new band for my apple watch. it was also such a great price. i will be ordering again!!
my son loves the watch band. will definitely purchase from you again.
good quality!
great band.  i’d buy it again
i set my expectations low, pleasantly surprised! will be ordering different colors.
very nice band.
perfect! just what i was looking for!
it’s nice i like it i recommend it
awesome price
loved the black/volt color combination and gives it a very sporty look.
good price and good quality.
nice watch band, love it!!
great product.  thank you
good quality for a great price
looks just like an original , very happy with the purchase !
great product
great buy for the money! very similar to the apple sport version.
love, love, love! fits and feels the same as my nike band!
great feel. great fit. great price!
i love this band, lots of compliments and its fit is awesome, looks so good!
item received as seen and met expected delivery. thank you.
i like the softness of the watch brand. it is comfortable and looks alike a whole new watch.
a+++++
great! fits great, just as described. love it!
nice soft. time will tell how it holds up
love the white with black circles, great for summer!
love the band!  light weight and was perfect.
same qauilty as original band. i’m very happy with purchase
arrived as expected  and on time.
very comfortable!
as described
comfortable
good quality and quick shipping
fits great! love the color
stylishly practical and comfortable.
great looking and comfortable!!
the band looks nice and was easily installed.
love it! however it is way to long for me. will have to shorten it somehow.
item was as described and delivered promptly
nice
the watch band looked exactly like it did on amazon. love it.
nice band at excellent price
just what i was looking for
love it. unbelievable quality for the price
love love love my new watch band, easy to install and it looks great
the delivery was fast and the product was great
great deal for the price. band are sturdy and comfortable.
love it!! fits well and looks great!!
i love this band! it’s great for working out !
not too different from thew apple ones. would buy again.
i bought them for my daughter for her birthday and she loves them! thanks for a great product!
very nice band and they have held up well
exelente
perfect, exactly what i was expecting 38 mm is longer than what you get with watch purchase
fits comfortably, easy to attach and detach.
great band. fits great and looks as advertised.
durable breathable and it looks great
this is a very nice band and not at all expensive.
picture is accurate, comfortable, and pretty!
good fit; pleasing to the eye and easy to put on
great band for apple watch. fast shipping and great price
very happy with this band and get many compliments
fast service! love the watch band!
fits my series 1 perfectly 👍🏼👍🏼
it works
bought it in june and have been using it ever since.
todo excelente
love it!!!
great product.... no complaints!
fits well, color matches description
love it. looks exactly like a nike band and is very comfy
i love my band!
i love the color and the band it self! it fits perfectly!
bday gift for husband and he loved all the colors
perfect size perfect color i love it . thank you
ok
perfect and my son loves it
very pleased. best band i have gotten for my watch.
looks just like the apple one:)
perfect fit. item as described
high quality - love my band!
really nice product!
color was perfect and fits perfectly
fits perfect!
great price and good quality.
can't complain for the price.
nice looking and quick delivery!
nice quality..great color options..
good bang
perfect fit and looks fantastic!! thank u!!
the product arrived on time and i am satisfied with it
bought it for my mother and she loves it.
fits perfect on apple watch 42mm, good quality 👍
as expected and great! ordered 2
this product was better than expected!
i’m really happy with my purchase
great band excellent price
great product! arrived the next day and looks great!
my daughter loves it.
love it. no problem
met expectations
llegó antes de tiempo excelente
the shipping is fast the product is very good!
looks good, fits well
it is a great product but band is pretty long
this product was for my son and he loves it.
great product
great product
fits my apple watch perfectly. looks great!
product as shown.
very soft.  fits perfectly!
fits great!
it’s great for work and for workout!
fits great
it looks and feels just like the nike one i have!!!!
great band.
super cute and is perfect!
twp thumbs up!
i like how they look on my wrist with my watch
cute band - great quality for the price.
exactly as advertised! quick shipping!
this product totally delivered.
it works well. i would of gotten the medium next time.
amazing product
perfect fit and the color was exactly as pictured.
excellent and fits perfectly!!!
band looks great!
look good , fit good
fast delivery and great quality
very comfortable and looks great!
very nice!
only had a few weeks but good quality. no issues.
fits great
fits perfect and is great for working out.
great product and price.
no complaints
comfortable and fits good!
i love it , it’s awesome
high quality at a good price, i will order more
i love these bands. thanks
great band, love the color!
muy buen producto
vey pleased with the band
it came with the wrong charger not for usa
it was a great fit for my new iwatch
good quality, nice band
my apple watch
stays on very well
it’s great
looooovvvvveeee this!!!
love it!
great band fit perfectly love it.
works good
this white band with black perforations is a very attractive alternative to my original plain white apple band. the silicone is a bit stiffer than original bands, however. the perforations stretch with wear..  after a few hours of wear, my watch popped off unexpectedly. luckily, i was seated at the time so it fell into my lap.. if you have one, make sure the fastener is securely in the perforation.
it’s great.
prompt delivery, quality product.
good product for the price. only negative is the length of the band. it is too long for me. the original band comes with two different size of it. so it can be switched if needed. if this comes with two band sizes, it would be perfect 5 stars.
light weight. comfortable
love the color!
love this band!
great product!
looks great! really comfy
very comfy and stylish
great product
love the color!
fits and looks great!
love the watchband!
comfortable
just like pic!
awesome band
excellent
updated review: i was contacted by an employee of the company after reading my original review below. they offered to send me another watch band and fully refund my original purchase. i accepted both offers and i’m very happy i did. the second watch band they sent was thicker and fit snugly in the grooves of my apple watch. i’ve worn the watch band for several days now and i am not at all concerned about the ends of the watch band popping off; it feels very secure.
works well
loved!!!!
excelente producto
loved them
ok
loved it
great deal.
color is way off! when i place an order for black wrist band as shown on the picture sample, i want a black wrist band. not a light dark gray wrist band
the band feature is nice however when i am wanting to fasten the band the holes don’t catch the clasp right and it makes it harder to close. i wouldn’t recommend this for a friend.
original review: "the band is off-white, at best, doesn't seat well into the watch body, and the band is a bit short.
**update** the seller sent me a new band and it looks great. the stopper to hold the band in place is not rose gold. it's dull silver.
doesn't even connect to the apple watch securely. very disappointed.
love the fit and feel of the band, no to mention how great it looks!
i could not get over how super easy it was to change out the bands!
love this band. bought a similar band from another site and it was very thick, this band is much thinner and flexible. very good sport band.
my first strap was defective and the seller sent me a new one. it's great and they were quick about the replacement. thank you!
love it! and the price!
this is a great watch band. i chose the midnight blue/vintage rose 38mm small/medium. it’s beautiful and the colors are true to their description. i also like the fact that the band is very flexible, perfect for running and exercising, it fits me well. i highly recommend. you can’t beat the price!
band was defective. i returned it and was sent a new one with no problems. great service!
i hand a problem with it but customer service immediatly fix it,!!!!
item not the color pictured. ordered white and received a cream colored band. 9/19 update: they requested i order a new one and refunded my money. correct color was received and is a good band.
arrived with dark marks on the white band, fastener is kind of a weird t shape, some unfinished edges on the sides, doesn't sit flush with the apple watch when connected, but better than paying apple prices for almost the exact same thing.
i wanted a change from the original apple band. this is a s/m 38mm. it’s way more comfortable than my apple band. it’s lighter in weight, there’s more flexibility in the strap which i think makes it feel more comfortable. mine is blue & pink & looks just like it’s advertised. i’ve gotten compliments on how it looks. the fit for the watch is perfect. easy to put on the straps & they slide in and stay. i have a small wrist & this band is perfect for my wrist. it stays snapped & tucked in. i would definitely purchase another one from this seller.
great quality and fit.  i thought i ordered a black, and it’s definitely navy blue.  i liked it well enough to keep- and reordered.
i bought the 38mm small band and it fits perfectly with my 40mm watch. this band is super light&comfortable! go ahead and buy it because you honestly can't beat the price!
i love this band. it’s durable and don’t move around throughout the day.
great band
excelente
anybody else notice the picture of someone driving their car drinking a beer all while wearing a fashionable watch wristband?
i love the watch bands. i love how easy it is to change them to match every outfit i wear.
great price and quick delivery.  length is the full length strap best for larger wrists.
the product is such great quality! and their customer service is amazing!!
nice item- very comfortable and i wear it daily!
good product great price!!!
bands were just as described fast delivery
a little flimsier than the original nike apple watch band, but holds up well and better colors! i had to replace my white original band because it started turning blue, probably from long sleeved shirts, so i went with a darker color this time. very pleased with my purchase.
those bands are perfect for me!!!
this is probably a personal preference but there were too many holes in the band to keep track of where to buckle.  i prefer the more simple line of holes in the original band that came with my watch.  made putting it on in the dark a challenge.  others will love it though for quality and price.
got this for my 42 mm apple watch series 3. it’s exactly as pictured and comes in a clear plastic wrap so you can see it if it is a gift. works like any other apple watch band and looks just like the more expensive nike band. people have said oh that’s a cool band! don’t waste your money buying this at retail in a store, it’s 1/5th of the price here. i also own the comparable black with gray holes—just as good! buy with confidence!
what a great band. didn’t want to buy the white apple one because for one it’s expensive and i didn’t want it to get dirty and have to replace it. this looks exactly like the apple bands. everything is the same even the widths and lengths. my gray band came with the watch as you can see they’re identical.
fits fine, looks great, is comfortable.  feels pretty much just like the apple strap.  it may be a little bit thinner and lighter weight, but it seems to be plenty durable.  no complaints.
this band fit perfectly and seems to be a good quality.  it fastens snugly and it's comfortable to wear on a daily basis.  it's easy to clean after working out, too.  very pleased.
i like the band and it fit just fine to my 42mm apple watch.  i do want to get a white case though still and then think it will look better, but functionally it is great.
love the colors and the fit perfectly.  excellent quality.  very comfortable and much cooler than the solid bands where is great for desert het.
update** customer service reached out to me and offered a refund as well as switching out the band to a sturdier and healthier so to speak looking band. great customer service at the very least, this new band is very nice and solid with the black holes printed nicely.
great quality watch band and is so much cheaper than the one's apple sells.  will definitely be purchasing more!
all in all i really like this. it was simple to change from the original band and looks great.
looks just like the nike band you get on the expensive i watch. holds up well and easy to change.
i love this watch band! super soft! easy to change. holds up to lots of on/off uses! looks great!
i like this band a lot! it’s a big bigger than my original apple watch, and i ordered the same size. also, when putting it on my wrist sliding it through the loop is tough. but i’m very happy with it
love this band. comfortable and sleek.
i love this band, is great because of the little holes.
will purchase again in different colors love the one i have
love love love this band. fits great. awesome sporty look. very comfortable.
wear it every day, easy to clean
love the look it gives. quest quality
it looks just like the one that came on my watch!
fits perfectly and looks great
this band is so nice for my apple watch!
good buy
looks good
fits perfectly.
stylish and comfortable
excellent, i recommend
no complaints here! love the colors, fits the actual watch perfectly. great quality at a lower price! highly recommend! plan to order more colors soon.
good
perfect
as described, but comes off easy
love it! i have a small wrist, with all the holes in the watch band, it will fit all sizes. super cute too!
love this watch band looks great,fast shipping very happy.
love the fact that the rubber is very flexible nd doesn’t cut into your skin like the original apple band!
i love the color, it matches great with my rose gold apple watch. it’s also a thin band. i usually wear the s/m band the watch came with but i’m glad i got the m/l.
loved it
it is great! it’s very breathable and not as snug as the original apple watch band . which i like, it’s very cute and stylish as well.
good straps eventhough not the original. recommended seller!
accurate description and more comfortable than the stock band
this watch band is a great buy.  good price, good quality!
it is amazing. light weight which is fine with me but overall great quality!
really liked the product, came in timely
product was as described. thank you for quick shipping
it’s an awesome wristband!
love my new band. delivered on time.
good quality
great quality and fast shipping! will be buying more
fits just right an comfortable
i loved it.
love my bands!
i love the white and pink for summer.
is what i expected
just perfect!
i liked the variety of colors
love this band! ordered the small on accident i have a 7.5 in wrist. i thought i would order the large instead but the small fit with one hole to spare. i think the large would have been to big. love the color a very light grey.
works great and especially for the price. it’s s little flimsy compared to apple watch bands but for the price comparison you really can’t complain. it looks the same and works the same
strap is a little too thin. but still satisfied with the product.
love it!
nice!
perfect fit and beautiful
looks and works great
love- love- love!!  it’s exactly what it says and so much more!!  soft , easy to snap, and seems like great quality!!  love it, will order more in different colors!
i was looking for a more breathable band to workout in and this was exactly what i needed! it’s cute and super comfortable! i got the pink and white band and it looks just like the picture showed.
would recommend to all
satisfied
awesome, thanks!
i love this watchband.  it looks great with my apple watch.  and the holes in the band make the band very cool and comfortable.
color is very accurate and the product is just as comfortable to wear as the original apple band.
same band as the apple stores sell with out the 80$ price tag. definelty long lasting and i put my watch through hell. highly recommended.
fits watch nicely and easy to change out.
the band fits great and is very light weight. the quality for the price surprised me! i definitely would recommend!
i bought 3 and was so pleased with the quality i bought 3 more for me and 3 for a friend!
very nice product, couldn’t really tell difference between apple oem and this one
this has been one of my favorite watch bands i’ve ordered. i’ve worn it for months now, at least 5 months or so. holds up great. no signs of wearing out, looks great, easy to wear.
looks great and fits the watch. they do run large.
these watch bands are perfect!!
attractive looking sport band. well made and no issues with clasps
well made, feels like the same quality was oem. looks great...i bought with with black hole accents.
it was comfortable. looked like it could’ve been the original band.
👍
it’s cute and durable. great fit.
better than expected.
overall solid product. nice vibrant red.
love this band!
so far so good
love it
my girl loves this band..goes great with the silver version! fast shipping as well...got it in 3 days.
perfect fit. just like the apple band,  but for a cheaper price!
i paid $40 for a band in the store.  these look so nice and look expensive given the price.  they stay on well and i have received many compliments
only had this a week but so far so good. a little more comfortable than the apple watch band and add's a little uniqueness to the watch.
for the price, this watch band is awesome. the snap feels secure and the band itself doesn’t feel cheap or too flimsy. i would buy another
feels great and size fits perfectly
good
my wrist is tiny and this is exactly what i needed for a nice fit for my apple watch. doesn't get sweaty at all and has maintained it's pink color some weeks later.
lighter than original one.
great product at a very reasonable price. easy to attach and remove from apple watch
excellent and a great price
really nice bands for my watch fit perfect
fits good. price great!
as described. comfortable and looks good.
great band and good fit. i have a small wrist so the small size was perfect
good product!!!
fits perfect, great quality!
goood
love this
as described. i love it.
as listed
loved the allergy-free material
picture looks better then item received. works ok though
looks great. far cheaper than the the ones from apple.
awesome and comfortable and great design
great fit! stylish and comfortable. i’ll definitely be buying more just like it!
good band, have had it now for a while and still is in good shape
great band for the price. i have had mine for 4mths with no issues. it does not slip off or come loose. it is solid and adjustable. it is also nice for keeping your wrist cooler in the summer compared to a solid band. i plan to purchase more colors.
awesome band! very comfortable, would definitely buy more
bought as a gift for the spouse. he liked it so much, i bought myself one because he was so pleased with the build and functionaitly of these bands. they’re breathable, stylish, and don’t collect sweat like some other bands do. it’s an excellent accessory.
excelente
super easy to put on my apple watch. looks great and is comfortable to wear. i'm thinking about some other colors.
couldn’t ask for better.
it fits comfortably and and hasn’t com undone once.  the color stays as bright as the day that i bought it.  i have also bought two more and have had the same experience.
very light
the color looks nothing like the picture. it’s just a faded blue/grey. not pretty
i loved the way this product looked on me and it felt exactly like the i previously had. ended up getting the larger size thinking i needed it and it was too large but i made it work! the seller contacted me from the problem and gave me a new one, this one lasted much better and doesn’t look like it’s going to rip anytime soon. thank you guys!
i love it! it's the best watch band i've seen and it's perfect! i love the pearls. it's absolutely gorgeous.
love my bracelet. fits perfectly and looks great!
i absolutely love this band!!! i didn't wear my apple watch much until i got this band. i love wearing it now!
great size for me i love it!!
i love this band! it's beautiful and fits perfectly! i will be ordering again if need to! 👍❤️
best western band ever!!!! i have quite a few bands for my rose gold apple watch that i change almost daily. i saw this band and it was a lightning deal so i thought why not... not expecting much. i was wonderfully surprised!!! it is nice quality and support cute!!! i've gotten so many compliments already and i find myself not changing to my other bands as often. it's very comfortable and we'll made! the rose gold color isn't a perfect match... but not enough that anyone notices at all. i'm very happy with this purchase! i just like that is different!!
this iwatch band is stylish and made of good material. i would definitely recommend it.
update: the company replaced the broken band. it seems to have lasted. but this time i will be more gentle.
beautiful band. it arrived today and it broke as soon as i put it on and it is slightly too big for my wrist. i am unable to find out who to contact anywhere on amazon, which makes me mad. it should be easy to find out who to contact!!!
bracelet looks beautiful. fit was pretty tight first day, but after wearing it more, it has loosened up a bit and is more comfortable, but wish it wasn't as tight.
this band is prettier than expected and i've gotten several compliments on it.  this pictures on amazon don't serve it justice.  my only complaint is that the band is a little too large for my wrist but since it's stretches i think it will be ok. i'll still wear it!  good quality for the price. i'm glad i purchased it.
i purchase this band in the beginning of august to dress up my apple watch to wear at a wedding. i received so many compliments all the time on how beautiful it was. honestly, i loved it and it really was beautiful. i wore this band almost everyday. it was easy to put on and take off because of the elastic. no fussing with latches or clips. sadly, one row of elastic broke (there are 3) right after christmas. i missed it so much i just ordered another one (mid january)
i bought this a while ago and i gave it a really bad review because the band was so big and it snapped in like a day. but the guy message me back and he was super nice he sent me another band to accommodate my small wrists. i love it i wear it all the time and i get compliments on it all the time!!!!
my word is never for sale; i do not accept free items in exchange for my reviews. i have to admit that i've already ordered another one. i get so many compliments and i love the look. the other reviews are correct, the one hanging little bead will come off, but the rest seem quite stable. i would obviously buy again (smile). i have a small wrist and i bought the smaller size. it took 5 seconds to change it out. i looked it up on you tube. i plan on buying another one.
i'm writing my review because i received sooooo many compliments on this bracelet. it's an eye-catcher and many people (who aren't familiar with apple watch) were fascinated to know that the band could be changed out.
the recommended sizing states from 5.7 to 6.8 but definitely not accurate. my wrist measures exactly 6 inches and the watch spins all the way around my wrist loosely. the band itself is beautiful and well made but i will be giving it to a friend with a bigger wrist. the watch fit so lose that it can’t read my heart rate and not sure about the accuracy in my steps because of this. shame because it really is a great band and i gave it 4 stars minus the fit factor issues - there was another reviewer who stated her wrist was 6 3/4 and it fit perfectly so make sure to measure before purchasing.
i have very small wrists so i knew this would be a little big for me.  in the description they say you can tighten or loosen the elastic cords, but of course there was no directions on how to do that.  i ended up cutting one of the cords to make it smaller.  lost a few beads when i did that, but didn't need those beads anyways since i needed the band smaller.  retied the elastic cord back on.  hopefully it holds. if the band is too lose, the watch will go in the lock position.
5 stars because the descriptions measurements were accurate but i have a very small wrists and i read the reviews and a lot of people said it was stretchy like a pony tail holder so i decided to purchase anyway, this is true to an extent but it is about a half inch too big for me and flips around my wrist all day but it is beautiful and i get so many compliments everytime i wear it . it’s very easy to install the band and remove to put the original one back on if needed. also it comes with a mini screw driver, i would not reccomend using it to press the release button on your watch. it scratched the paint off the button which can easily be pressed with your nail.
i love this band! it's just beautiful and matches perfectly with the skin i purchased for my iwatch series 3 - better than the photo shows! you will love it! here's the case "skin" that i got (shown in picture) of you need one--- a little tricky to get on but i got it & it isn't bulky! this is the best combination!
i ordered this band in 2 colors, and they both look very pretty. it's as easy to install as the original apple watch bands, and it comes complete with small screwdriver to use in case the screws loosen over time. a nice thought. my wrists are a little on the small side, and these are just a little bit looser than i normally like. but they are still snug enough that the watch seems to not have any problem picking up whatever information it needs from contact with my wrist. so no issues there. i like them so well i may go back and see what additional colors are available and order it as well. since i haven't had them very long, i cannot attest to their durability at this time. i've only worn them 4-5 times, so i don't think it would be fair to review that particular aspect. that will have to wait for now. but since they are pretty inexpensive, i'm already happy with my purchase no matter what happens from this point on.
i received this yesterday. it's a beautiful band but it's very small. it's elasticity is causing the beads to make indentations in my wrist. so if you have a wider wrist due to your wrist bones, i wouldn't suggest this band
i received this yesterday and i really wanted to love it because it is so beautiful, but once i took it out of the package and put it on my apple watch i noticed that the strings on the band were so stretched out to the point of them pretty much broken, needless to say i can't wear it for the simple fact that i am pretty sure the strings will completely break and my watch will fall off. i will be returning this item. it is a beautiful band and i'm really sad that it was already too stretched out for me.
it's so pretty.  i got this as a gift for my wife and she likes it. i like it on her. i feel gives the iwatch a more feminine and dainty look. it will make your watch spin around and stuff sometimes on your wrist.  i don't think that that's an issue as my wife has never said anything about it bothering her.  and it's never slipped off of her wrist. been using this product for 6 to 8 months now and we both love it.
very pretty, but big on me. like other reviews say, if you have smaller wrists, this will be large. it's not too big that the watch will fall off, but it is too large for me that i wouldn't be able to use it to track anything (fitness, steps, heart rate, etc.). i switched the band to go out to dinner and got compliments! it's very pretty and much classier than a silicone band.
very happy with this ban, my coworker had one and i really liked she send me the link to amazon and i ordered right away i really like it and i have received many compliments on it.  i only wish it was more of the rose gold color as my watch, the color is not accurate but i still like it and glad i purchase.  i would not recommend during hard activity with this ban.
this band is classy and perfect for someone who has a small wrist. i had no trouble at all putting it on and taking it off unlike some reviews. if you have a big wrist this might not work for you even though it’s elastic. it does not look cheap and price is right. i bought a different watch band and it was more expensive and ended up returning because it didn’t fit right.
good product with high quality and good service, receive goods on time. i would like to recommend my friends buy one of this. design is awesome .round band stretch over the hand and fit snugly around the wrist, no buckle needed, easily to take on / off,
love this band! it's beautiful and so much better than any of the bands i've tried!  caution - i have small wrists and it fits me perfectly... they need to make another size for regular sized wrists.
received my band today and i'm ecstatic. the quality is excellent and the price was super. i was a bit concerned that the elastic bands would not be tight enough, but they fit well and comfortably. i thought i was doomed to wear the original rubbery apple watch band forever until i saw a you tube video demonstrating different types of bands available. i jumped on amazon and found this one and am so excited i finally have a band that complements my wardrobe and girly side. as soon as i finish this review, i'm going to see what else tomazon team has in apple watch bands and i'll probably purchase those, too. by the way, the watch came in a nice sturdy box and included a tool for changing the band. nice touch!
i️ have had my watch for over a year. i️ never got a replacement band for it because there was never any interest. thought this was very cute and girly, and it is. so many have complimented me on it. wish it was a bit tighter but if you braid it it does the trick.
i work in a new beautiful nordstrom building and customers ask me all the time if i got my band in the store haha i tell them amazon and they are surprised because it’s so classy and beautiful with my watch. i wish they had more colors!
bought for my mother in law. it truly is beautiful! i was very happy to see how beautiful it was. came in nice box with special tool to screw it on. very easy to do...i made sure my 62 year old mother in law could do it by herself. it was no problem. she loves it when she wants a more "dressy" look for her apple watch. and you can't beat the price!
first off, i love love this watch band.  it makes my watch feel more like jewelry, and it can breathe on my wrist.  the band is easy to slip on and off, but doesn't move around when i don't want it to.  i think it is meant more for pretty, and not so much for durability.  a couple of the faux diamonds have fallen out of the connection piece & as you can see the color is rubbing off of the beads.  the little dangle thing sometimes gets stuck on the middle band sometimes though.  mostly that's just the nature of beads though.  overall i'm truly satisfied with this and when this one needs replaced i will probably buy another just like it.
i have received a ton of compliments on the band. i wish it came in a bigger size. i love a larger wrist, size 8in bracelet fits perfect and this band is tight and does not really stretch out enough to be comfortable.
gorgeous. love it!
absolutely love this watch band. it is exactly what i wanted to to switch up my look from gym to classy. i ordered the grey and i thought it would have pink beads also but they are all grey. i will be purchasing the white one too.
i have had this band for about a month now and i absolutely love it! first, the band is very durable. i have gotten it stuck in things on numerous occasions and thought for sure that it would break, but it didn’t. additionally, the band looks beautiful on (i get numerous compliments a day)! it also fits snug enough to stay in place but it’s not so tight that it’s uncomfortable. that being said, it is not super comfortable to sleep in, but that’s not what it was designed for. great band, definitely worth the money.
i love this watch band. it's even better looking in person
i love em! the colors are awesome! i wasn't expecting them to be this nice! i am scared the elastic will break soon but other then that i love em
i seriously love this band.  i’ve never been one for watches and have always been really dressy, so this worked out perfect.  i can keep my apple watch on even with my dress clothes and it looks great.  i have gotten so many compliments about this band, people notice it everywhere i go.
this band is even more beautiful in person! just gorgeous! but i have a tiny wrist so i need to figure out how to tighten the elastics a little. i wish that part was easier to do.
the packaging and presentation were an unexpected surprise! then i opened the box and wow!!! it was even better than i recalled! beautiful and installed very easily and quickly. looks fantastic on the wrist. i just opened it so i cannot give an honest review to durability. it’s stretchy beads so the durability won’t compare to leather but i think with what i would consider normal wear for occasion accessorizing it’s perfect!
i love it! so feminine and comfortable! i don’t care for the extra bead that hangs down, so i think i’ll just clip it off but when i looked closely i realized i would need some legit wire cutters, this thing is well made!!
i love the look this band gives my watch! everyone that notices it compliments and asks where i bought it and i’m quick to share the link! i know some reviews said after time it loosens up but there is a screwdriver in the packaging that you can tighten anything up with if/when you notice this happening. i don’t see it being a major issue if i keep an eye on it.
i love this band it’s cute lightweight and easy to slide on my wrist. i took my time with my review to make sure the product is good quality and last for a while. i am a truck driver so everything i own needs to last in my i drop everything environment. i have dropped my watch and band lots and it’s stil in one piece!!! i have had a lot of compliments and you won’t be disappointed.
this product really glams up my apple watch. the only concern that i have is that as i wear it, the elastic stretches and when it is on the "lock" setting when it loses contact with my skin is is on the lock setting again. as long as one does not plan to use the lock setting, it fits well.
this is a great watch band for the price. i have received countless compliments. i was worried it might easily break but i have been very rough with it and its still holds up perfectly. i loved it so much i bought another color and two more for family.
very pretty and held up to use during the holidays.  it fit perfectly and everyone wondered where i had found this band. everyone complemented me on how pretty it was. happy i took a chance on this product. my wrist is 7 inches and it fit perfectly.
super cute, fits great, perfect for days and evenings out.
wow! i am obsessed wth this band :) i would have bought it even if it was just a bracelet! the rose gold is the perfect tone that matches my series 3 gold apple watch. the rose gold cords are so pretty. the elastic is just the right strength to allow the watch to be not too tight and not too loose. i’ll have to see how it hold up but i’m definitely wearing this for formal and business settings.
the band is very cute and stylish but unfortunately it's too big for my wrists. could make a cute gift for someone else. in any case, i contacted the seller and they were able to help resolve my issue. they provided me with great customer service and positive communication all throughout the process. i was very pleased with the outcome and their willingness to help take care of the problem.
the pearls are starting to chip, not too noticeable, and i wear it daily and it took two months before i noticed it started to peel. it’s also missing a stone now too.
i love this band. it is very comfortable and lightweight. even though there are lots of beads you don't feel them moving around on your wrist. the elastic bands give it a comfortable and personal fit. it really dressed up my 42mm. like i said, i love this band. lol i'll be ordering other colors very soon.
i bought this for my sister as a replacement for the one that was ripped off of her arm by a mentally disturbed person.  probably not a good choice for all situations, but she has been very happy with it.
i love this band! i get soooo many compliments on it and it has yet to tarnish. i wash my hands pretty often during the day and although i don’t put my wrist submerged in the water, it does get a little wet but this band stays looking great!
i love this watch band! it is so girly and cute, every time i wear it i get about 10 compliments. the sellers have good customer service and are very understanding and courteous. the product will fit any size wrist since its elastic and can stretch pretty far. also, i love the dangling charm; it's such a cute touch. i wish i could add more stars to their rating!
i love my apple watch but this band fits so well and is so cute, i want to wear my watch on the underside of my wrist. my friends think it’s beautiful and want one too!
i’ve been wearing the band for about two months and i have gotten many complements.  it goes well with my bracelets as well.  have not had any issues with the band becoming loose or detaching from my apple watch.  some of the beads are painted and it’s beginning to wear off-it’s not noticeable to others though.
love it! got lots of comments on it, high quality! the size is a little bit bigger then i thought, i just took some beads off, now fit perfectly!
this is super cute! it fits my wrist  well. the beading is very pretty. only thing i’m concerned about is the rhinestones possibly falling out. but so far so good.
this band is everything a girly girl that loves bling would want.
the watchband is beautiful. i read the reviews of the elastic breaking, so far so good. the seller does send you an email advising if you have issues with your purchase to contact them and they will make it right. so, if it breaks in a few days i will contact them for a replacement. you will not be disappointed in the beauty or quality of the item.
it's pretty. my wrists are a bit wider than other i guess because after a few hours of wearing it, the patter of the beads has imprinted on my skin. i only use it for special occasions.
i love the look. it's cute, and girly. however, it is big on my wrist, and i don't see a way to make it any smaller. my watch it moving all around, i'm not sure it is going to work for me. :(
love this watch band.  i have gotten so many compliments.  when i was at apple store so many people wanted to know where i got it from.  it is beautiful as it looks online.  i wear it all the time.  i absolutely love it.
i like the watch band! it looks simple yet elegant. but i give 4 stars and am  going to return it because some of the elastic is jut out well kinda looks like it’s going to break.
i purchased 2 bands (in pink and in gray) and i am very happy with my purchases. the bands are very pretty (have some bling which i love; it's not too much, though) and can be either casual or dressy. the packaging is sturdy and makes for nice storage for the band when not in use. it also comes with a small push tool (looks like an eyeglass repair screwdriver). i'm not certain of the manufacturer's intent, but i use it to press the band release button on my  watch. this is the absolute best feature for me because the release button is my nemesis!
the inside band is several different little rubber bands. several have frayed just by stretching it to put it on my wrist. i’ve trimmed them off so for now it’s good. i just worry that one day it will be left with only a string and i will lose my watch.
really love this! as soon as i began wearing it i received compliments and asked where i purchased it. perfect for my outfits for work and for my cute outfits when i head out for a night. the delivery was quick as well. i'm very satisfied.
the elasticity on the middle strand lasted only a few months. i still loved this band. so much. in hindsight though, i should have alternated this watch and with a few others to make it last longer. same as shoes.
i got the band in the mail so quickly that i wasn’t even sure what it was! easy to install, fits perfectly, looks great. i have gotten several compliments from strangers. definitely dressed up my watch!
i wanted something that blended in more with my bracelets that i wear with my watch. this is neutral and looks classy. the only thing i didn’t like was the elastic was not very forgiving. i would recommend it though.
it seems that every person i encounter daily are in total awe of my iwatch band. i’m happy to share the link daily, not only with women but men too (who’ve  been interested to purchase for the woman in their life).  no one seems to know that wearing an iwatch is way more fun and fashionable than just the ole plastic band it comes with!! i love my iwatch band!!!!!!!
i cannot stress enough how many compliments i receive on this watch band. it is beautiful, comfortable, and goes with just about everything. i purchased the gray option and have no regrets. it definitely helps "class up" the watch.
i love this band!! i’ve been thinking about it for a while now and i’m so glad i finally made the purchase. it makes a very clunky watch very delicate and dressed up. i’ve been wearing it since it arrived yesterday and i have no complaints as of yet. the rose gold is gorgeous and the beading/ accents make this band look expensive. will definitely purchase again for family!
i just got this today so this may be a little early to review. but i love it! it took 2 seconds to switch out the old band for this one. it’s beautiful and comfortable. it looks way better than the pics. i didn’t realize there were sparkly bits and they catch the light and are so pretty. if you’re even thinking about getting one just get it!! now i’m going to get it in the other colors too!!
this watch band is absolutely gorgeous! i love wearing it because it feels like jewelry on my wrist. if you want to wear your watch to bed... not so much because of the charm. i use it mainly for dress up days. i love it.
i love this watch band!  it’s really cute and a great value for the price.  the only reason i didn’t give it 5 stars is because there are clear, diamond-shaped beads adjacent to round, gray beads that are rubbing the color off of the gray beads.  for only $18, this is not a huge deal, but they should rethink the configuration of the beads.  i wish they had a “gold” band other than rose gold that i could wear with gold jewelry.
i gave this band a 5⭐️ b/c the band looks even better in person. i love this band, it’s definitely rose gold and fits my watch perfectly. i would order this band again. i’ve received so many compliments about my watch. i highly recommend this band.
i have relatively small wrists and this fits great. looks nice, goes on easily, and the price is fantastic...highly recommend this for anyone who wants options for their apple watch
this watch band is gorgeous! i have a very small wrist and was worried that it would be way to big. not the case! it’s a little loose but that’s ok. makes my apple watch look very dressy!
very pretty! i love it and i think i’ll order different colors of it for myself, and i’ll be ordering a few as gifts!
very attractive band and has held up pretty well. the one bead that dangles fell off but otherwise good. i get tons of compliments on this band.
it’s so pretty! only issue is that i have tiny wrists so it’s a little big for me. i’ll see if i can fix it somehow. otherwise it’s perfect.
this band is beautiful and very wearable. i am curious to see how it holds up. my only negative is i wish it was a little tighter. i have small wrists and like my watch to fit snug. this is more of a personal issue and not against the band at all. will most likely order the other colors as well. 😊
beautiful... i received so many compliments on it first day wearing it. it looks amazing.. very stylish and elegant. i love it.. i just slip it on.. i don't have to worry about tightening or buckling it just slides onto my hand and there.. ready to go..  it looks sturdy and very well made...i wouldn't be surprised if it lasts me years...
if it didn’t turn me green after awhile i would’ve given 5 stars! overall though it’s very pretty and stretchy so it’s easy to put on!
great band/bracelet.  just make sure you error on the size of smaller when trying to decide if you should get the 42mm or the 38.  since your watch reading things like your exercise levels, standing and other physical activity, it's important the watch fits snug to your wrist.  returned for the small size.
great product. bought this for my girlfriends watch and she loved it. it was super easy to install. she says it is very comfortable and i agree that it looks great. with the price i was worried it would be cheap and break easily but it has lasted and looks wonderful still.
i get complements on this band all the time. many people are now ordering apple watch bands after seeing my cute band. i love it!  it's my favorite. wearing it today!
i love this band! it's pretty, it's feminine and it's comfortable. i highly recommend trying this out if you're looking for a little bit of girlie for your apple watch.
i've never received more compliments on a watch than this one thanks to this band. it is very pretty and people notice it!  i'm holding my breath about the durability as elastic string fragments seem to pop up here and there, but so far it's holding up.
bought it for the ungrateful girlfriend. she likes it. hasn’t taken it off since she got it. guess i can do something right
beautiful! love the color! i will definitely use this. however there is on functional flaw. it’s loose on my wrist so some features such as heart rate cannot be used. i still like it.
i love it it fits quite comfortably even though i have very small wrists i get that it’s elastic but if there was some way to adjust the size it would be perfect! i only just got it so i hope the elastic doesn’t break or stretch out!
it is a beautiful band looks exactly like the pictures, got many compliments on it but it is a bit uncomfortable. because of the elastic strings it fits very snug and the beads dig in to your wrist. i found myself always messing around with it to re adjust it.  i barley wore my iwatch when i had this band on it. for looks it’s excellent but for comfort definitely not.
received package in great condition and it is exactly as described. it's very unique and pretty-goes along great with outfits and adds some flair! received many compliments. would def order again!
i love this band!! it prettifies the otherwise unattractive apple watch in a big way! i get so many compliments on the band and people can’t believe it’s as inexpensive as it is. i have had my band for exactly one year and i wear it nearly every day. two of the “pearls” are starting to peel, so i will be ordering another to replace it.
i really like the look and quality of the band. it is a good way to "dress up" my watch for nicer occasions. my only apprehension is the sizing as it fits more like a bracelet than a secure watch band. this causes the watch to turn and move a bit, which makes me nervous i will scratch the face. i wouldn't wear it everyday because of how loose it is.
love this touch of bling for my apple watch.  true rose gold color - matched my watch perfectly.  i get compliments on it whenever i wear it.
price a little high but it is very pretty
this is super cute! i needed the change from my regular metal band. this matches the rose gold perfectly. i took off a star because the little dangly piece came off after like two days of wearing tit. it has since been stolen by my mother so i may just get another one.
really dresses up the watch.....a little tight, it is an elastic band, i have a larger wrist....but still comfortable to wear for an evening
love this band. it is slightly too big for my wrist but it's not so big that i worry about it falling off. i love the weight it has to it. not too heavy but not so light i don't notice it.
i get so many compliments on this band. its comfortable as well. the charm did fall off pretty quickly
so pretty and loved it it’s just a little big and i measured my wrist but i like it to feel snug for the heart rate
looks just like it is pictured.  i love it.  i am not sure if it will last long with daily wear but it is pretty and exactly what i expected.  the only input i have is it doesn't come with instructions.  it goes on like any watch band for apple watch and comes with a tool.  it would just be nice to see instructions too.  if you like the picture, you will like the band.
the product description and reviews on the size are right on target. measure your wrist. it is too tight for me but i wear it anyway because i love the look! if this comes out in a version for larger wrists, i will buy another!
nice band. works great with my series 3. little snug so i am gentle when putting it on and off.
love this band/bracelet for my watch. very cute and goes with most of my wardrobe. i have small wrist and was worried it would slide around but it stays in place and it’s easy to take on and off of my watch. great purchase! may get another one to add different colors.
i get so many compliments on this band. and it’s comfortable since it’s elastic . it looks expensive and cute. i would recommend it
love this band! the little jewel fell off at the bottom on first wear, but it didn’t affect the band at all. i have sensitive skin so this type of band works best for me, plus it’s pretty!
amazingly cute wrist band. you get to dress up your apple watch and outfit with this easy to wear band. no clasps needed. the wrist band expands for an easy slip-on but gentle fit. loved it!
this band is beautiful. it fancies up my watch for formal and elegant occasions.
great!! everyone ask where i got it from. great quality and it’s exactly like the pictures.
i bought this iwatch band to dress up the watch. and it has done just that. i get compliments all the time. the band is easy on/easy off my wrist and off my watch when i want to change my outfit. i have no complaints.  thanks for a great way to switch up the looks of my watch!
the vendor reached out and is replacing the band. i am happy with this out come.  they responded quickly.
i love this watch band.  it gives you the look of a bracelet and the function of a watch all in one.  i have received many compliments.
love love love this band. got the white one as well and can't wait to order the black/gray.  looks beautiful on!
i love this band. it's very feminine and super easy to install. it fits really well too. love it!!
it’s cool i don’t like that the color is coming off
my favorite band so far. although the dangling gem came off recently it was easy to reattach. i’ll stull reach out to the seller and see if it can be replaced but it’s a beautiful product no less.
i received the watch band today! i am thrilled. the band is beautiful. the quality is very good. the picture doesn’t do it justice.  i love love love it! the packaging was excellent, as well. the packaging was that of a very expensive item.  there was even a very nice note inside from the seller. i highly recommend this product and this seller.
smaller then expected. i really could have used the extra 1/2 the beads dig in. i measured the band and it is short.
i love the watch band !  it appears to be well made ( sturdy ) and i received it in just a few days. an update ! i have had the band now 5 months ... it continues to exceed my expectations especially for the price. it still looks fantastic. i get complements daily. it’s easy on easy off. if it did break i would buy another one ❗️
it's a little loose on my wrist so every time it slides around, my apple watch screen locks. it can be a bit annoying sometimes, but i still love it. it's really pretty and i get lots of compliments on it.
love this band! it’s pretty and doesn’t make your wrist sweat like those silicone bands. i’ve had many compliments on this band and will order more colors.
girl at a department store had it but took the little bottom jewel off. i bought one to try and liked the bottom jewel. my daughter loved it so much i gave it to her and bought another one! really nice for the price. we both receive compliments everywhere we go!
this really looks good on my watch and it was easy to slide on.
this band was purchased for a gift.  it fit apple watch perfectly but had a little too much "gold" for recipient.  it was very pretty though and perfect if you prefer a more glitzy look.
i love the color of the band beads, the style and quality is perfect i will wear this with pride. i love it and have had lots of compliments on the first day of wearing it, i can wait to wear the white on that i also ordered.
seems great, lots of compliments the first day wearing it
super cute and easy to change out. the color on the beads did fade a little. but i’m a nurse and wash my hands constantly! i would recommend only wearing on special occasions vs everyday wear.
i love this watch band. i’ve gotten so many compliments. it’s comfortable and stylish.
everyone asks where i bought it!  dressed the watch up for going out. i originally only purchased one, but when my son's girlfriend saw i ordered one for her.  5 stars!!!! 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
it is pretty but too tight on my large wrist. the description says it is adjustable but there were no directions on how to adjust it in the package. the cost to ship it back as a return is about 1/2 of what it cost. not worth the time and trouble. i would recommend it if you have very small wrists.
very nice looking band...easy to change and very pretty to look at
i love it! it fits perfect and still takes my heartbeat. great job on this!!!
this looks really nice when pairing with my apple watch. i don't wear it all the time as it is a little tight, but love it when i do.
i get nothing but compliments on this band. it is fantastic and great quality!
couldn't wait to get this band. very pretty and fits perfect. company is awesome to work with as well!!!
this band is perfect for those looking to have a bracelet style look. it does have an elastic stretchy band so it is easy to wear. i have had for several months without any problems. highly recommend.
i absolutely love this band! it’s great quality and fits perfect. it really dresses your watch up!
it’s a really nice i watch bracelet. it match my rose gold apple watch, but it runs large. i advised the seller and he sent me a replacement adjustable one free of charge . i received many compliments on the adjustable one. i love it!
super nice and cute band! fits me a little loose but you can’t really tell. i loved it for when i want to dress up. one day shipping is also awesome!.
fit as expected, looks great!
i absolutely love this item!! better then i pictured and i get compliments all the time!
absolutely beautiful! i was worried it would look cheap, but the band is very well made and looks gorgeous with my gold series 3 apple watch.
much more beautiful than i expected! i love it!!!!
absolutely love this product!! it’s light, stylish and made well! everyone compliments it!
i just bought this to have something different but i do get many compliments!
beautiful watch, i get lots of compliments when i wear it. just a little tight. it fits but maybe because it’s sunmer and hot out it gets tighter throughout the day. if it came in different sizes would be he only thing i would change
love it, got good compliment all the time. it replaced my over $200 leather band~ lol
love this apple watch band! it is so stylish and cute. i get compliments almost daily, and have sent the product link to so many people. it is priced extremely reasonably. i am tempted to buy another just in case these sell out! the only thing i didn't like was the bead that dangles from the band, but it was easy to cut off with wire clippers so it wasn't a big deal!
i absolutely love this band but it is way too big.  i'm going to try to get a jeweler to shorten it.
received this band really fast and i’m impressed as it ‘s a lot sturdier than anticipated. i like it dresses up the watch.
this beaded watch band is so beautiful, i get compliments daily.
very stylish & cute for cost fits great
i bought three bands at the same time.  the other two were a different brand and broke in one day.  this band is beautiful and i get compliments daily.
i absolutely love this product. my wrist is on the smaller side and i was afraid it wouldn’t fit but it fits just right and i’ve gotten so many compliments.
prettier in person! looks feminine and glam!love it and hope it will come in more colors like blue and turquoise
love this watch band!! i get so many compliments on it and it looks great with my rose gold jewelry. would 100% purchase again.
love this watch band get so many compliments it is so pretty will buy another one if it ever breaks and i'm hoping it doesn't
i wanted a band that i could dress my clothes up with. this bracelet is perfect and easy to install.
makes the larger screen on watch look much less bulky and much more feminine
is so shiny, tho the hanging pebble fell it wasn’t a problem putting it back and i got many compliments with it.
light weight and looks pretty nice on.
super cute! everyone notices this and you will receive lots of compliments! would definitely recommend.
loveeeee this band. i wore it to a wedding recently and it was so pretty. i got many comments on it too. size is perfect but i def would be careful when putting it on & off the watch not to snap the bands. i plan on wearing it to 2 more weddings this summer
i definitely recommend! i haven’t worn my band yet, because i hadn’t gotten dressed up and gone anywhere special yet.... but it’s definitely beautiful 😍 in person. & the delivery was fast too. like it came in about 2 days!
fits nice and dresses up the apple watch love that
i love, love, love this watch band! it is so beautiful on. good job on whom ever designed this watch bank!
my band is beautiful!!!!  i love it but wondered why the screw driver. glad you told me!!!  i would buy more from you is i can find some more from you
i have gotten so many compliments and it's so nice to have a nice watch band for dressier occasions.
looks just like the picture is super cute would
my wife loved it. it broke just a few days in.  i’m going to contact customer service to see what if anything can be done.
this pink band matches my rose gold watch perfectly. i get so many compliments and questions about my band. unfortunately the rose gold color on the band beads has worn off and is now white which looks terrible and my band has loosened up. time to order a new one.
beautiful. perfect way to turn a sports watch into something pretty
love this watch band!  i've always loved my apple watch, but the bands have always left something to be desired....very utility and not cute.  this band is perfect amount of bling to dress up my watch, i can wear it to work everyday!  i have a 42mm watch and somewhat large wrists and this 42mm band fits perfect!
the band is great because it makes the watch appear classy/dressy which works great with office attire etc. the only thing i would say needs improvement is the size of the band since it is stretchy and cannot be adjusted. my wrist is on the thin side so it slides a lot!
this band looks great.i purchased 2 for a gift.
beautiful!! i get compliments all of the time
my old band broke, searched for a prettier band for a while, this bracelet like band is exactly what i had in mind,  very pretty, matches perfectly well with my lavenda color watch, easy to take on and off. good purchase.
love the look of my beaded iwatch band.  i read other reviews about taking care when putting it on/off.  i do so slowly as not to break the elastic.  nice looking.
love this! get so many compliments!
very beautifully decorated bracelet but i have small wrists and i wish it was adjustable.  also the elastic seems to be stretching a bit more as i’ve worn it for about 3 weeks now.
love it!  it matches perfectly with my rose gold iwatch! i get a lot of complaints!
i get so many compliments when wearing this.
i love this band! i get so many compliments on it! the material is good and it looks like something very expensive when in reality, it isn't. it matches with everything. i really like it!
a pretty band for a nicer outfit. it holds the watch snug to my wrist and it is very comfortable.
this is a beautiful. it’s too big for me but, i will see if it can be made smaller. i love it anyway.
first one came pretty loose, but they even made a new one alittle smaller for me!  now that is great service!
i absolutely love this watch band. it is comfortable as well as stylish, fits perfectly. doesn’t look cheap. good quality. i even wear it to the gym sometimes. i would definitely buy this again.
looks very pretty. easy to put on and take off
i love this band, and i get a lot of compliments on it. people don't realize i am wearing my iwatch, they think it is just a pretty bracelet.
love it
my band just arrived and it did not disappoint. it’s even more beautiful and elegant in person. i can’t even believe how stunning it is. i’m so excited to wear it. it doesn’t feel flimsy or cheap, instead it feels solid and durable. i absolutely love it! well worth the wait!
very pretty, i can only wear when i dress up because it is too big...i have a small wrist and my watch locks frequently because it slides up and down my arm.
very pretty! 😊
i absolutely loved this bracelet, unfortunately there is no way to make it smaller. i have super small wrists so it didn’t fit (so sad!) it’s such a beautiful product.
i love this breaclet band it’s easy to slip on and looks like jewelry
i love it and i get lots of compliments on it. it is an elastic stretchable band so i'm careful putting it on and off. i love the rose gold color. it really dressed up my iwatch.
love this band.  i found can’t use it all the time.  it started to frey sadness
i can't say how amazed i am with the beauty and quality of this band.
i love this so much! now, i want other colors.
it’s an attention getter. people love this band. it stretches to remove or put it on. hasn’t broken from all my use.
it's really quite nice more like a bracelet
beautiful and makes the apple watch look more feminine. it wears like a bracelet.
pretty, lots of compliments on it!
very cute,i wish i could adjust it so it would be a little bit smaller.
i use this band for special occasions. it's fancy and very pretty.
i've had so many compliments on this watch band. i have a 38 mm series 1 and i've been looking for a more feminine replacement band. this is one is perfect and it comes in different colors. i will be buying another one
amazing i get so many compliments about it and it was shipped in a timely manner i do recommend because it fits all size wrist i had purchased a different one from another seller and it broke within a week but this one has held up sooo much i love it!!!
i am so excited about this band,,fits perfect with my watch and it’s looks so good,,great quality for a great price
lovettt fit perfect and is sooo cute
this band really dresses up my watch. comfy, pretty.
i get the most complements when i wear this band!
gran calidad
pretty
well made and beautiful to look at. the band has held up well and my wife gets daily compliments. overall well worth the price.
beautiful but runs small. i have a 7" wrist and it was really digging in. i have it as a gift as that person loves it!
love the band and have received many compliments. it is comfortable to wear. only downfall is after a month of wear (light wear no water or exercise) the elastic started to fray. i have not contacted the retailer to see if they would replace it.
pretty, get plenty of compliments when i wear it. the extra dangly bit on the third chair fell off, however, which was kind of a bummer.
i love the look of this band! it really does add sparkle. i only gave it 4 ⭐️s because even the smaller size fits loose. i just hope it will not stretch even a little bit because then it would likely spin around.
love the band! wore it for my stepson's wedding and received many compliments. i appreciate the screwdriver and extra screws.
beautiful band for my iwatch. i've never seen anything like it! thank you!
ugh its so gorgeous!! i loved it! maybe i have a fat wrist but its a bit small lol i still love it ! its so beautiful and exactly what i expected. came a lot sooner too!
it's a little snug but i can deal with it. its beautiful though.
love this band. very stylish!!!
i love it.. i have a small wrist so it’s not tight, which i ike.  i will be ordering more !
i absolutely love this item. it fits snugly and feels very comfortable. my only issue is it's missing a small stone right at the hinge and it will bother my ocd self. i'm not sure how often i will wear it because of that. i would love to buy more, but now maybe i will not.
beautiful!!! really gives the i watch a dressy look for special occasions!!
is so beautiful and i really love it
little tight but looks good.
love love love it!! anything elastic makes me nervous but it seems to be pretty durable and i guess if one snaps 2 others are left to catch it!?
i love this band so much i bought it twice. the first one i ruined by taking it swimming (my bad). i really like how it fits and how it can look both fancy and casual.
i really like this wrist band but i was disappointed to see the elastic beneath the beads start to fray and hang in between the beautiful beading.  also be aware the size of the band may be a little snug depending on your wrist size.
one of my favorite bands!
this is a must have.  a really nice accessory for the apple watch.
love it! looks great! its a little loose on my wrist but i have a little one so its probably an average size.
pretty and flexible
it is very comfortable and matches my rose color very well. i get a lot of compliments
received compliments on this band. it's great for the purpose i bought it.
the picture doesn’t do this watch band justice, it’s beautiful! i have a tiny wrist so i was worried about the size, even though it stretches, but it fits pretty well. it isn’t super tight, but i can definitely work with it. well-made, not bulky or clunky. highly recommend this!
this is the third band i have purchased. i love them!!!!!
arrived promptly! looks exactly as image portrays beautiful easy to switch out, and the company even sent a small screw driver just incase anything comes loose over time as this slips over the hand onto the wrist! i'm a size 6in wrist and looks great not stretched relaxed jewel like fit
i am absolutely in love with this band, it is beautiful band and was easy to change out, goes with just about every outfit. i will say that this band is for smaller wrist tho as it is stretchy and non adjustable.
very pretty on but after a couple of hours on your wrist, it becomes uncomfortable. it starts to cut into you wrist. they should offer it in different sizes.
i wear the band when going out to dinner etc. and have had many compliments. i love this band.
i decided to take a chance on the band because the price was really good. i like to wear jewelry and the original black band is not exactly attractive. this band makes the watch look like jewelry it’s really cute.
bought the rose gold colored one and at first glance it did not appear to be. i was about to return it until i tried it on the watch.... then.. i fell in love with it! it's slightly loose but doesn't really move unless i wiggle my wrist quickly and on purpose. i will check back later for update.
i have got more compliments for this item.
i love my new watch band! it really makes my watch look more feminine and dressy for the occasional time when i need to dress up.
so pretty and so comfortable.  i love that it is elastic and easy to get on and off.  i have gotten tons of compliments.  great buy!
its beautiful!  i love it. and it fits perfectly!
met my expectations, really like this watchband for my apple watch.
i love this band and rushed it came in other colors
my wife loves this....she gets complements every time she wears it...
better than described! very happy with this purchase.
i get so many compliments on my band! i will reorder this again and again if it ever breaks,but i work light construction and haven't broken it yet! highly recommend this band. you can wear it with anything
wife loves it
bought it for my girlfriend and she just loves, she uses this band anytime she dress up. had it for a few months and hasn’t broke it.
i love the band, it is very pretty but it is to small.  will give to my granddaughter.
very pretty band! i’ve received many compliments on this bracelet!!
i literally just got this band today, and it super cute and very stylish. the band is light weight and true to size. i will update this post if any issues. i recommend this product!!! =)
it’s freaking pretty i love it !
very pretty, it looks very feminine , i love it!
loved this bracelet. i get so many compliments on it all the time because my watch looks beautiful and stylish.
i really like this, but it is too tight and i am afraid of breaking it while putting on and off.  seller:  it band available in longer size?  if not, i will return.
i love it except it's not as rose gold doesn't really match my rose gold watch. all in all beautiful great quality.
great alternative to traditional bands.  many compliments received!
this is the prettiest apple watch band i own. it looks like a bracelet. i love it. it’s so pretty and looks great on the silver and black apple watch.
im so thrilled with this purchase. the band fits great on my wrist and i would order this product again.
love it
band is pretty. fast delivery.
it's great to dress up with.
gorgeous! i now have a very fancy and classy looking watch.
comfortable and looks great!
very very nice great switch up from ordinary band and very durable
love it.
fits my apple series 3 watch perfectly and i love that it stretches to fit my wrist. i get so many compliments!
absolutely beautiful.  i’ve received so many compliments on it.  received on time.
i love this band!! i get a lot of compliments from it because it’s unique. however, it did break shortly after i started wearing it. a friend super glued it and it’s as good as new!
i bought this twice! i love it! i get so many compliments on it. i wear it everyday looks good going out or going to the gym. very quick delivery. highly recommend.
a little roomy on my wrist, but perfect for dressing up my watch for work!
this is beautiful, well made, kind of heavy, and soooo cute. changes my whole watch. i am very impressed.
purchased for a wedding piece for my apple watch series 3, beautiful fit.
i was worried that this watchband wouldn't be tight enough, but it fits great and looks stylish (unlike the silicon one that came with the watch) it was super easy to switch. i will be buying more colors for sure!
super cute fits just right i have a small wrist so it’s hard for me to find things like this that fits just right has some stretch to. i would recommend this to any of my friends
i was a little nervous because my wrist is rather chubby but this fits me perfectly! i’m very happy with this purchase!
it's a beautiful band. i've received many compliments on it.
thei love the fact that band is stretchy.  it is so pretty and i get so many compliments on this band.  i love it!!!  it’s so feminine 😊
absolutely beautiful. much more fashionable than the plastic wristband my apple watch came with!
love, love, love this watch band! so easy to put on and it looks fabulous. great quality, too. feels very elegant. makes me love my watch even more. would love it in other colors!
my wife really likes it
band looks amazing... i have gotten many compliments on it, but is a bit tight on my wrist.
good
everyone thinks i paid a lot of money for this band
i love my new watchband! i get compliments on it all the time!  it is a little on the small side, not sure if there was anywhere to order a larger one but i will order again!
i was unhappy with 1st band. they replaced and it is good. i always get compliments on how nice the band looks with my watch.
love it
my sister and i both bought one of these, i got pink and she got silver, we both love them! they really "fancy" up the look up your watch! and they are stretchy, so you just slide it on right over your hand!!
it's more beautiful in person!!!
very cute. makes my watch look dressier
it is so cute! i get so many compliments when i use it.
the watch band arrived in a timely manner.  it was everything that i was hoping it would be, i haven't taken it off since i got it.
great for going out. a little tight but must be because it’s new but looks great!
super cute.
i love it, i get compliments on it all the time. east to put on, and it’s really pretty.
i received the band today and i love it. it is so feminine while simple.
my wife loves it! she gets a lot of compliments
beautiful watch band and was affordable. the only downside is it fits very snug and i have a small wrist. hoping as i wear it that it will stretch out some.
the band  is beautifully made!  so happy with my purchase!
beautiful! love how it's so "girly".
it is simply beautiful, so many compliments. and the question of where i bought it. i love it
beautiful!!
i was impressed by the quality of this watch band. it’s very well-made and i’ve received many compliments on it.
i love it, very pretty . everybody else likes it also.
i get so many compliments on my watch! thanks a lot! super cute!
i ordered the pink and white band. they are so pretty.
not exactly what i was expecting but i like this band.
amazing and looks beautiful and fancy
i get so many compliments on my watch band!!
love it
love it!!!
absoutley loved this for your apple watch!
i get comments on this every time i wear it. i would say it's not for every day wear tho. the rubber in the band is fraying.
this band is beautiful, it captures my personality perfectly.  i get compliments daily for it.  i love it! it is of great quality, and it is perfect size!
love the look of this bracelet watch band.  my wrists are a little larger so it fits well.  i've had many compliments on it.
i really like this watch band and looks great.  the fit was perfect, no too loose and not too tight.
bought this over 8 months ago and wear it everyday. love it!
love it!
i like this band because you can wear it with a nice outfit.  what i'm not a fan of is that i have to pull it off and i'm afraid it'll burst because usually bead bracelets don't last long because of all the pulling of the brace. but overall very cute band.
very pretty! if your wrist is on the larger size of the range this will fit very tight and not move on wrist like a bracelet would.
very nice.
amazing quality! ordering another one for a friend now!
very cute i get a lot compliments.  the elastic came loose early which make it look cheap.  that is sad.
looks so nice i get compliments everywhere i go. it looks like a bracelet so you can wear it with dresses. the quality of the product is great
love this watchband!  so unique and well priced. i’ve been wearing it for a month now and no signs of wear. just slips onto your wrist.
nice change from the standard band. have received many compliments on this product.
it’s very well put together. was a little tight upon first putting it on but now fits perfect
very nice
just got my sparkly watch band and i love it!! i did not like the silicone band at all. too plain! and since i’m a lady who likes to sparkle, this works perfectly! huge plus for receiving it before christmas! score!!
beautiful. i love it for dressing up my watch.
i love the look and got many compliments. it fit great and the stretch band was secure on my small wrist. unfortunately a piece broke, but i got 4 months continuous use.
i loved it. really beautiful only thing wrong is that i have a fat wrist and even though it expands it feels to tight.
it’s a very pretty watch band, but it is very small.  if your wrist is bigger then 6 1/2” it’s not going to fit you.
lots of compliments on this band. definitely dresses up my watch
love this stylish band.  fits snug so watch can monitor heart.  get compliments all the time on the band.
perfect
i absolutely love the tomazon apple watch band!!!  i get so many compliments on it and it is easy to put on and take off!!!
really think this is beatifil on fit is perfect
tomazon apple watch band is a great product!!
great.
where it all the time
love this band. adds a bit of elegance but not too dressy
really nice gets lots of complaints
really nice
love this option for my wardrobe.  i get constant compliments every time i wear it and it is the easiest of my bands to put on in the mornings.
love it, perfect fit
it’s beautiful
my best friend loves this band. she tells me a lot of people have been complimenting her on how unique the band is.
i get so many compliments on this band, i had to buy another in a different color. love it! comfortable and goes with everything!
love the bracelet. it looks even prettier in person. i like how it’s light and you can easily put it on like a bracelet.
really nice! i've gotten plenty of compliments on the band.
i like the look and weight. the elastic band that is used has started to tare after a few wears.
very beautiful band!!!
love this watch band! makes the ugly watch much cuter!
my wrist and iphone watch
love it! fits perfectly not big not lose just right! lots of compliments when wearing it
i love this watch band.  its a conversation piece and its very attractive.  you will not be disappointed.  the price is great as well.
great buy..
so far so good.  the first one i purchased did break but sent back and received a credit for it.
love the watch band, very nice and comfortable to wear! good quality.
excellent item!  i love it.  it came beautifully packaged.  it’s beautiful and wears well.  very comfortable.  i highly recommend this item!!
i love this band but i am finding little pieces of the elastic is breaking...  is that normal? please see the picture.
beautiful and classy thank you
beautiful band. i love the charms. however there was a little chip on one of the beads. but it looks really cute.
the bracelet band is beautiful! it looks even better than it does on the photo. the only issue i had is that it was a bit too small for my wrist. other than that it is perfect.
love it! great quality, only complaint is my wrist are small so fits a little loose. over all this band is worth the price:)
wife loved it
everyone compliments me on this pretty band.
hello
so cute and stylish, definitely slides up and down arm like a normal bracelet
perfect for special occasions! but the part that hangs falls easily, other then that it’s great!!
nice and good quality.
exactly what i was looking for. ordered it in all the colors available. love it.
love it!!! i get so many compliments on it!
i love my band. it’s so pretty. i just keep looking at it ! definitely worth it. i bought several bands at the same time and i have yet to put the others on because i like this one so much!
i love the looks of this band, people cannot believe it is on an apple watch!
pro's: beautifully made, sturdy and very good quality.  con's a little tight.  wish is came in sizes s/m - l/xl.
looks delicate and dainty but great quality
a little too large for my wrist, very pretty.
👍🏼
beautiful. nice and dainty
easy to install.  got it for my wife she is very happy with the band. good value!
this is an absolutely gorgeous band and well worth the wait for it to be received. my wife has a somewhat small wrist, so the band was a bit large for her. it would fit wonderfully on a normal to large wrist. i looked for a way to adjust the size, but i couldn't find a way.
wearing it for the first time today. so far it’s comfy and so cute.
i ordered this months ago and my band is still in great condition. love it, get lots of compliments.
very pretty addition for apple watch. get a lot of compliments. very happy with purchase
this is beautiful! i got a ton of compliments
beautiful, i love this. everything i was looking ,for makes my watch look awesome.
i love my watch band.  just as described and pictured.
love it! fits great and is a real fashion statement!
beautiful
purchased 2 different ones and very happy.  i've had the comment of "wow.  now i'll order an apple watch." they thought the only option was the band that came with the device.
love it, delivery time stated 7-8 business days.. i got it in 2 business days! very high well made and beautiful!
super cute, great fit and good quality for the price
i loved it it's super cute and i keep getting asked where i bought it 💗
cute watch band really dresses up the apple watch.
if i could i’d buy ten of these
great product
love it!! very cute & i get lots of compliments.
very cute, like a stretchy bracelet. it’s worth the money!
i really loved this band but had to send it back but it was too loose for my tiny wrists!
im glad i purchased that but i want more colors
i always get complimented on my band. it fits perfectly and is sturdy. my little ones even grab and tug at it but it still has not broke! i plan on buying another color band soon!
very pretty. it is a nice way to dress up the apple watch. seems very sturdy. it has thick elastic bands.
this is the first apple watch band i actually like. maybe i will start wearing it more often now!
i love it. i was looking for something more stylish to wear on the weekends and it’s perfect and fits my wrist. i bought the gray color
really nice quality. i was actually shocked. really prett and i have sensitive skin and haven’t had any issues.
the band was easy to install. very comfortable and lightweight to wear.
i have this watch band in black and white and i absolutely love it....it dresses up the watch for fancier occasions and looks very pretty and feminine.  whenever my friends see it they want it!  love love love!!!
i love this! i get compliments on it daily. i was hesitant at first wondering if it would get loose or be too loose and that's definitely not an issue.
bracelet is beautiful. i have gotten many compliments on it. would buy again in another style.
i get so many compliments on this!
i really like this band!!!!!
get lots of compliments
thank you for the fast shipping ! love it !
nice and easy way to put a beautiful twist on an apple watch
beautiful. looks exactly as shown. band is stretchy and very comfortable to wear.
stretch band is very comfortable and secure. very well made. i received many compliments on this watch band. love it!
will be a great addition to dress up.
love it but not sturdy enough for everyday use but so worth it!! have had tons of compliments
very cute. a little to big, but if you intertwine it the band a bit it fits better
i bought one in silver and it exceeded my expectations.  it is very pretty and looks fantastic on my wrist.  dresses up the apple watch!  highly recommend!!
this is my second one in another color.  use it everyday and i get tons of compliments on it!!
item came just as pictured, easy to put on. there is no closure it is like a stretch band. pretty sturdy. looks great.
i love the way this looks and fits. i wear it with some other beaded bracelets and it looks great.
i love this band!!! it is so pretty and fits perfectly to my wrist because it’s a stretchy band. i am 100% satisfied ❤️
love this watch band. it is big on my wrist and can’t be made smaller, that is my only complaint. i love the look and design.
i get lots of complements on this watch band.  it is very comfortable and stylish.  looks like i'm wearing a bracelet.
easy to put on and take off.  i’ve received many compliments.  it’s comfortable, pretty and surprisingly sturdy.
awesome
i like this band its really nice but its a little bulky on my wrist (i have small wrists).
really nice way to dress up my iwatch. it arrived in time. it's a little small, but once on is fine. very happy with it.
in love with this band. it is dressy or casual. i get comments and compliments every time i wear it.
this is the next level of using an iwatch. great and fancy !
love this watch band and i have received so many compliments.  my only complaint would be i am unable to tighten it so it fits a little tighter on my wrist
i love this band. every one keeps telling me it looks amazing.
this band looks beautiful!
gorgeous & classy. it fits perfectly and really dresses up my iwatch.
perfect touch to the rose gold apple watch! great fit too!
gives me apple
great band very beautiful and arrived as described
looks great. fits well. i’ll be buying other colors later.
i love the color but do not like that it’s a little tight.
i absolutely love this band! it was more than i expected and i love the convenience of having elastic. i am more than likely getting all the other colors available also.
really cute, looks very well made and high quality
love this belt!! got so many compliments!! i got a very small wrist so it feels big but for other people it should be fine
loved it. everyone asks where i got it and is even considering buying an apple watch because of how great this looks on it :)
dainty pink... love it!!!
i love this watch band i get so many compliments on it. fits perfect. super cute.
love the look of the band, but sadly had to return it because it didn’t fit
i loooove this band... fits perfectly! beautiful.. simply beautiful and it appears sturdy.. i've only worn it a few times and so far it's held up wonderfully (fingers crossed)
my wife loves it
love it!! a little big for my small wrist but its beautiful. it gets a lot of compliments!
looks very cute . great for dressing up your watch. i’m thinking getting more colors.
love it! get compliments all the time
cute strap for when you need to wear your watch on party clothes.
i used it twice and it broke.  looks really nice easy to install but it broke.
this band is so pretty. it really dresses up the apple watch. i wish it wasn't quite as tight, but i still love it
love my new band! will post again once i see the durability
fits perfect!  love it looks so dressy. ordered other 2 colors today!
love it, use it for special occasions like weddings .
beautiful
love everything about these !!
i was nervous it was cheaply made for the price but i had it for over 3 months and wear it everyday with no issues
pretty large.. i have a smallish wrist and it slides around (a lot). just wish it had some way of adjusting!
love it thank you so much
just what i was looking for!
love it so much, get compliments all the time. it is a little big for my wrist but i do have a tiny wrist so that is to be expected. love the colors, definitely recommended
so beautiful but tight. 2nd day wear it stretched a cm but still tight.
i was a little worried that the watch would mover around my wrist with it being elastic but it stays in place.  i only had it on 10 minutes and got me first compliment!
the wristband is just as the seller described it. i received many compliments on it.
styling and profiling!
cute watch band for my apple watch
when my product didnt meet my expectations, the sellar responded back immediately. i'm very impressed and would love to do future business with them.
love this! gave to my mom for mother’s day she loves it!
exactly as expected!! it is elastic which is perfect!!
this is a really nice touch to my apple watch and is even comfortable to wear!
it broke after one day.
unique!!! this is a beautiful watch band! fits great and wears like a super expensive bracelet! love it!
great band and fast delivery
i love this band!! i have gotten so many compliments on it. great product. happy with my purchase.
it lasted well until i went to a park and noticed a strand broke
i like the look of it but i’m scared that the elastic may break in time
arrived sooner then expected, very happy with the product looks just like the picture.
this bracelet band is stylish and looks very expensive. i receive compliments and questions every time i wear it with my apple watch.
birthday gift for my daughter! she loved it! beautiful!
just love the look of it.
very nice
very pretty, but a little large and no way of adjusting it.
very nice and fun looking
great!
gorgeous! i get lots of compliments whenever i wear it. it really dresses up my apple watch.
thank u
i'm in love with this band! it's simply beautiful! i have gotten so many compliments on it. now i have to get the other one now!
i get so many compliments !!!!!! i simply love it, so cute!!!!
easy to attach and remove from watch. great for when you need to dress up your watch.  band stretches and is easy to slide on.  great fit!
love this band, i get several compliments on it.
just got my band and i love it. shipping was timely, packages just right and boxed very well. love love love it! thank you
love this band. i love that it's stretchy and slides on and off.
i got it quick and it was perfect. i absolutely love it.
it’s a beautiful watchband! love it! it also arrived earlier than expected! very nice surprise!
i purchased the white one.  it is very pretty and works well when i am dressing instead of a sports band.
it’s a compliment to my apple watch!
lots of compliments! love this
liked everything about it
love love love this watch band!!!!
it’s beautiful!
looks and fits even better than i expected
so beautiful! if you are considering this watch band, please buy it :) i’m going to buy another color.
love it!
i love it.
i love this watch band. it’s easy to get on and off. i get tons of compliments everyday!
love it. arrived on time and packaged neatly. easy to put on and looks great!
i have received so many compliments on my band. already ordered several colors
i love the flexibility
i get so many compliments on this. love it.
this was a great gift for my wife! she loves this band and tells me her co-workers/clients ask her about it all the time! keep up the great work guys!
i ordered the clear for my silver watch. it is lovely, fits great and is very comfortable to wear.
love this apple watch band fits me perfectly! i ordered one for my sister.
the bands are starting to stick out from underneath design
i really love my band. i’ve been getting so many compliments!
love this band. i receive many comments on it.
very cute/stylish! doesn’t look or feel cheap. great buy!
love this item!!
beautiful and looks like the picture
love this watch band - turns my watch into a cute functional bracelet!
i am really happy with my watch band. it is very prett and fits well. i would recommend it
just got my band. looks beautiful. i love it. hopefully it is durable!
i love this band it’s beautiful the one piece that hangs fell of the first day but other than that i love it
it’s pretty and it’s great. i love it
love this band it has more pling to it then i thought.  packaging is great and the screwdriver is great idea.
it beautiful and the color hasn’t changed yet!
love this!  fits perfect!
like the soft color!
just as expected
it is a little snug but that is to be expected with a stretchy band. i love how 'girly' it is. a huge improvement over thick bands!
love it
got lots of compliments and asked where i got it
i love it and so does everyone around me. great band!
i’ve had for one week and love it!  lots of compliments and seems durable so far!
so beautiful! fits my wrist perfectly and i get tons of compliments. i'm thinking of ordering the rose gold. just the sparkle i was looking for.
this band is the cutest. i bought it for my mother as a present and it looks so perfect with her rose gold watch
i got this in really quick and i love it.  nice quality and beautiful.!  it fit great too.
my wife loves it!
amazing watch band .
i love this band!
fits great, easy to wear while working. i was pleasently amazed with this band.
love this bracelet goes great with everything
love  this . it’s much prettier than i expected . wish it was a little bigger.
it’s beautiful looking to buy another one
i love this band. it dresses up the watch for work or going out. i have received many compliments already!!
love this a lot!!
this is very pretty!! so glad i bought it
my only complaint is that you don't offer two sizes; this one and a larger one. other than that, very pleased with the product.
the perfect way to dress up my watch!!! looks even cuter than anticipated
i love how light weight it is and absolutely beautiful!
great product  great service
incredible. i love the way it looks and fits.
love, love, love it!! looks great and very comfortable!
i have received many compliments on this watch band!
beautiful band
comfortable and beautiful. get compliments on it all the time!
i love the tomazon apple watch band so much i have purchased two.  it’s very fashionable and comfortable.
i get compliments on it all the time.  some of the elastic has broken so i'm hoping it lasts!
love it!  i can't tell you how many people have asked where i bought it!
easy fit
it's a beautiful band. i have been getting many great compliments. it fit a little loose but i still like.
looks nice, and it's perfect!
literally obsessed with this band! i get so many compliments on it.
it’s beautiful and very different! feels secure too!
beautiful watch band! seems pretty sturdy and looks good with everything.
i love this watch band
love this band! added the bling to the apple!
love the design of the band, very nice & stylish.
beautiful
for my watch
awesome!!!
absolutely love this! i've received so many compliments. well made!
this is a gift, so i can't leave a review on the product. however, it looks great! thanks again!
love it...
i love this band!! i just ordered a second one for my daughter.
love! so pretty!
it’s so pretty!
beautiful watch band!!!! product picture should be updated, all beads are gray.
watch strap is very pretty. love the color and style.
i love it
love it
i love this band. it it gorgeous or the black watch face.
this really dresses up my iwatch and i love it!
is just what i want
really cute
beautiful with tons of compliments!
👍🏼
very pretty bracket watch band, but for me the fit wasn't right maybe it's just my wrist .
fits great and get a lot of compliments!
love it.  attention getter
love it
love this! beautiful and elegant!
i love it!!!!
love it!  very pretty exactly what i expected.
bought this watch band for my fiancé she loves it!
beautiful
get compliments daily!!  ❤️
very stylish
i love this watch band i work with kids and i wait tables and it’s very durable.
it was very nice.
great product. i have gotten so many compliments. the band is sturdy and pretty.
got it for my wife’s birthday she loves it  everything perfect
love, love, love it!!!!!
it's beautiful but my wrist is on the smaller side and i was hoping i could adjust it but i don't think i can
it’s gorgeous!
these bracelets are absolutely stunning! i have it in rose gold and black. i love them!
beautiful and comfortable!
love this stylish band!!!
my bestfriend liked it a lot :)
i've only had this watch band a day now, but so far i love it!  it makes my apple watch look so cute and fashionable.
the beads watch band to small
i love this accessory for my apple watch. it fits like a charm.
took for ever but totally worth the wait
i purchased two bands. absolutely love them. makes my apple watch fancy.
i bought this band for my daughter and sister.
beautiful in person. love the design and how ican switch the band to match my outfit.
gorgeous!
i love this watch band. i have received so many compliments on it every time i wear it. definitely a 5 star purchase
love it!  it's beautiful it makes my apple watch so much more feminine.  love it!
love it! compliments on it all the time! best purchase ever!
i have gotten so many compliments on this watch band. sooo comfortable!!
absolutely beautiful watch and and so comfortable! i get compliments on it everywhere i go. ❤️
i get a lot of complements on this watch band and they all ask where i got it.
just got it but so far i love it.
it fits well (it's stretchy) and beautiful! i get compliments every time i wear it!
beautiful on the watch
love it!!
i love how my band fits and looks.  it's very feminine and i have gotten several compliments on it.
i love it. i have also received a lot of compliments.
absolutely love it ! fits perfectly.
love it
i absolutely love this! it's beautiful!
beautiful bracelet watch!
it’s sharp and jewelry like.
very comfortable and nice looking.
very pretty.  fun for an evening out.
absolutely love this band
i absolutely loved the watch band!  it made my watch look so feminine.
the bracelet is suitable for ladies, it is light weight, and it is easy enough to put on/take off of the apple watch
exactly like the picture & description started. fits great.
love it, i’ve not warn it yet, but very pleased..
beautiful band and comfortable wear/fit.  i get lots of compliments on it!
it’s very cute, sexy and classy.
love it.
my spouse loved it!
love it
i love it, look really nice and delicate.
great!
goooood product with high quality and good service, receive goods on time,i will buy it again for my friends.
beautiful looks exactly like the picture.
i love it, i will order more of them ...
item was as posted and is my favorite band
i've gotten compliments every time i've worn this braclet
i absolutely love it. i've had so many complaints!
very pretty and comfortable. i love it😍
very cute, can we're with a dress or my scrubs
it's stunning, i love it!!!!!!!!!!!  absolutely beautiful, i want all the colors.
thank you for making adjustment to my band, love the band get a lot complements on it
excelente
love it
thanks
awesome love it! want another👍🏼😊
looks great!
a little too small for my wrist. but beautiful band!
love it
very cute. easy assembly.
came quickly.it is absolutely beautiful. would recommend.  i love it.
love it perfect when going out to dress up your watch
i love it!!!!
i love it, i get compliments on it daily!
i love it
i love the band, it's worth every penny, i'm buying every color!!!
beautiful!!! getting a lot of compliments i really love it
i love it
i love this band, it's so pretty
was very happy with everything!!
love it. well made.
love it ! been getting so many compliments !! <3
came fast and is beautiful
i love the design and elastic band.
love it thanks
love it, fits well, very feminine, lots of details
very cute. will order another color too.
it’s beautiful
looks even better in person! love it!
love it.
very pretty and good quality. i get compliments every day
very pretty and very good customer service.😊
i bought this strap for my friend's birthday she like it very well
it's beautiful! my girlfriend loves it very much!
i love it!
very stylish and makes my watch look classy.
so pretty
love it!!!!
very well made nd beautiful
very pretty and well made
beautiful!!!
love it, super cute!
love this!!!!
the band is cute and it fits nicely! would definitely buy again from this vendor!
beautiful , i love it !
perfect fit. looks great!
it's beautiful!
excellent
very nice
great
great product with top quality.
wife liked it but way too delicate one rubber broke on first wear.
everyone has been complimenting  me ever since i got it !!!!!
my gf likes it, the pink color matches her white wrist very much.
i wasn’t optimistic about the purchase, but this is my favorite band and i have a lot of them. i have gotten more compliments on this than in anything else i can think of that i’ve purchased in the past year at least. i love it because my watch face usually falls to the inside of my wrist, leaving the beads looking like a bracelet. i find that my watch works better, meaning it actually lights up when i want it to when it is positioned on the inside of my wrist and i flip up. i thought that would drive me crazy since every non-apple watch turns on my tiny wrists and aggravates me, so this is truly a happy accident.
my wife loves the band. lots of bling when dressing up.
to be honest, i kept an open mind when i purchased this. i wasn't sure if the quality would be good or if it would be even cute. well, it arrived in a nice quality box. it was applied to my watch very easily and no struggle. the band is stretchy so you can slip it on and off easily. it looks very cute. the only thing i don't like is the dangly bead at the bottom. i have since cut it off. it looks really great with my rose gold watch.
absolutely love this band. i have gotten nothing but complements from everyone who just cannot stop looking at it. very different and classy!  definitely would recommend this one. one thing to note ... the band is made for more for a smaller wrist. if you have a large wrist, this band will be too tight. for me it’s perfect. i love it.
i love this bracelet/band. it looks so much prettier in person . it's nice and shiny . i have the gold colored apple watch , so i purchased a pink cover to go with the bracelet. it actually matches both ways .
love this band!!  it’s so well made and cute!!  it takes 10 seconds to install it and it’s very comfortable. the only downside is that it’s a tiny bit loose ( bought the smallest size), so the watch spins around a little. but i don’t mind—it’s sort of like a bracelet!
love it! i get so many compliments on this band.  the only thing was the dangle came off twice and the second time i lost it.
this really makes your watch look so elegant. i wear this when i dress up or go to work because it makes my watch look like more than just an apple watch. the band itself is elastic and slips onto the wrist. i wear it comfortably all day at work.
this is such a nice watch band. i love it. i get so many complements on it. it's light weight, easy to put on and really pretty. it's like your wearing a bracelet! i add other accessories on the same wrist with my apple watch and it really makes for a nice look.  i would definitely recommend buying this product!
wife’s love her watch band, super easy to install and she gets lots of compliments. will be buying the rest of the colors one day.
i love it! i have a small wrist, so i took some beads off and restrung it.
this is my "dress up/party/formal/cocktail" band. every time i wear this i get compliments.  that's all you need to know.
this is a really nice band. since i have a small wrist, i can only use this for when i dress up, or for a night out. being that it is not snug, i cannot use it to track my activities. i didn't give it 5 stars for this reason. it would be nice if it was adjustable, or came in different sizes.
i ordered this for my 38mm apple watch, and it’s made me actually love my watch! before, i felt it was rather man-ish, but now? now it’s so pretty!
this bracelet is so cute!  i bought this for my son's girlfriend as she is getting the watch from my son for christmas. i can't wait to see it on the watch itself.
i’m so happy with my purchase. it’s a very pretty band. it feels good on the wrist and the beads are not uncomfortable. would recommend as a gift idea.
love this watch band! i think it’s so cute and it’s comfy and easy to put on and take off.
i love this band, i’m not sure how long it will last me but so far so good. very pretty. i hope the elastic on it is strong
well made, bought it as a mother's day gift and i was worried about the quality because of mixed reviews. but the one i received was well made. my mom reports that's she received many compliments and request for info where to buy. my mom is very happy with the watch band and that makes me happy as well.
very cute and has held up really well.  i always get compliments on this band.
it's eye-catching and i've already received many compliments.  i will buy more of different colors from this seller.
i like it very much  looks so nice on my arm  i wear it for dress .  if the elastic stretches out in time i can restring it.  hopefully won’t have to do that for a while.
i love this band the color is nice and overall well worth the money. i had so many good compliments
i got this for my wife on her birthday...and she loves it!  the idea was to wear it when she was dressing a little fancier...but she has kept it on permanently.  i was also concerned it wouldn't go with the pink watch, but the balls in the band are close enough to make it work.  (the pink version of this band was a little too pink for her taste)  anyway, have at it...it's great!
great watch band!  i love it and its fancy enough to wear out!  doesn't look cheap.  i love it!
the bracelet fits well, easy to put on the watch, i get lots of compliments, very nice and goes with any outfit, i ordered 2
read mixed reviews on the sizing, my wrist is slightly larger (just about fits small size band), this fits but a little snug.  i’m okay with the fit and overall more than satisfied with the bracelet and purchasing experience.  i plan to wear it for a formal occasion and love that it turns my watch into an elegant accessory!
i love this watch band!  my wrist is small and the elastic fits fine.  it may slip alittle but it never slips completely off.  i have the black 42mm watch and picked the gray beads which compliments it very well.  i have received so many compliments on this band.  it does not feel cheaply made or like it will fall apart. i would definitely purchase again.
the watch band arrived promptly. assembly was a snap. my wife was very happy with the"bling band" as she calls it.
love, love, love!!  soooo many compliments every time i wear this!
i've received so many compliments on this watch band! i loved it so much i had to order two.
my wife loves it. looks great.
i love it. beautiful and comfortable!  i get complimented on it daily.
very nice. i receive a lot of good compliments. will order more colors.
great band. beautiful design. really makes the watch look dressy.
so many compliments . everyone liked it.
everything about this band is amazing. but my wrist is still too small even though it stretches. it’s just slides around my wrist and makes it very uncomfortable. but i would definitely recommend it for someone who doesn’t have extra tiny wrist like myself.
absolutely gorgeous!!!
it’s beautiful, i can’t wait to wear it to work.
this band is amazing. i love that it's stretchy because i have larger wrists and it flexes easily without discomfort.  i get asked about this watch band seriously daily, everywhere i go.  love it.
such a pretty watch band! i’ve had lots of complements on the band from family and friends. easy to put on the watch, too.
very pretty and nice band.
my apple watch is not just a watch anymore. it’s a piece of beautiful jewelry now. i never want to take it of.
very comfortable and gets attention.
love it!!! just like the pictures!! my second one now!!
very pretty and looks good.
very pretty and seems sturdy, have worn it about 5 times while at work all day. i get compliments on it. will  buy in other colors now too
i received this watch band today and it is beautiful! it is very pretty and blingy. it came quickly and is a great price. i would defiantly recommend it to others.
perfect!
i have small wrist so it doesn't fit properly, but i love the look of it and have decided to keep it.
this is a beautiful band. it looks exactly as in the photos. it gives an elegant and sophisticated appearance to your watch. love it!
love this watch band!!  great and timely service.
love this watch band. very elegant and comfortable to wear.
very pretty!
2 months later and still getting compliments. it fits so well and still shining. love it !!!!!! highly recommend it
very pretty on her
this is a great bracelet - fits perfectly and is not lose at all. the watch is still measuring my activity and heartbeat. i can only recommend it!
my wife loves the band.  she would not have worn the watch without it.
very happy with this watch band. have received many compliments.
this watch band is beautiful! more importantly though, it’s comfortable and what a great price. it match’s any outfit. i love it and i get compliments on it all the time.
very well made. very stylish. looks great.
i purchased it for my rose gold apple watch and it fits perfectly and very comfortable. i absolutely love it and get many compliments.  i didn't give it 5 stars because the dangling bead fell off, otherwise awesome.
i love my new watch band! it’s so trending and pretty. i especially like how easy it is to put on or remove!  it also goes perfectly with other jewelry.
beautiful band ...
this was a gift for my sister and she loved it. glad it was easy to put on!
i have worn my band daily for a year. you know you have arrived when the apple people compliment you on it. i have received more compliments on this band than anything i have ever owned
exactly as posted and beautiful! the shipping date said it was going to take about 5 days and arrived in 3. very happy with this purchase
really cute and and makes a huge difference in the look compared to that rubber band that comes with the watch. great job!
love it fits great and i have small wrist and fits great
it is how they described it but more beautiful!
fit perfectly didn’t have to readjust because it was elastic
i have received several complimentary comments on my new apple bracelet band.  love it!
the bangle is what i loved about the look the most, unfortunately it fell off 2nd day. still love the rest of it.
i love my band, i have received so many compliments on it. i simply gorgeous.
after aome time the pearl color is fading but overall love the bracelet
it was smaller than i thought it would be...
very pretty band. no issues attaching it to my watch!  quick shipping.
i love it. it looks so elegant and pretty. match with my skin tone. thank you so much
really love this band.  wish i had gotten a few other colors too.
its perfect!!! i love it! i get so many compliments on it!
i have received many compliments on my watch band and how pretty it is! i absolutely love it!
the watch band is gorgeous and the customer service is even more amazing! this distributor went above and beyond to make sure i was satisfied!!!
great service live the watch band very comfortable to wear.
the band is far better than i expected. great buy
just what i expected i love it very fashionable.
easy to install and very cute
nice band!  perfect if you want a band with a bit more style.
beautiful band. lots of compliments!
gorgeous
very easy to change and it looks beautiful!  it really gives the watch a lift!
its cute and different.
i love it looks even better in person 💕
love it, very fashionable, have received multiple compliments
loved it
very classy.
absolutely love this watch band!!!
love the way it looks!!
love it
this is a beautiful band and it fits the watch perfectly. speedy shipping .
love it!
nicer than the picture
such a beautiful band!!
looks beautiful
so pretty!!!! i love it!
absolutely gorgeous!!!!
watchband is beautiful but doesn't hold up very long. i guess it's not made for everyday wear. the beads are strung on a very thin elastic string which one of them broke after wearing it daily for a couple of weeks
i have had this lovely beautiful watch band for about a week. i came in a nice box precisely when it was to have come. not a day goes by when i wear it that i have not received compliments after compliments on this! it is beautiful! the fit is perfect even acturately tracking heart rates with the elastic band. i will be buying all the colors!!
love this band. i wanted something dressier than the standard black band that comes with the apple watch.
love the bracelet!!  it's stretches and has beautiful beading.  it also comes with an mini screwdriver to adjust if needed.
i love the beauty of it, but 3 “diamond” stones have already fallen out. mostly it fits, but sometimes becomes loose and i have to enter my password again and again. i was reading all the recent 1-star reviews and it freaked me out that everybody’s band was breaking. also, people complained they couldn’t remove the band from the watch. so, just to make sure, i attempted to remove mine. i couldnt! tried and tried and tried!  googled how to remove and now i recall about the band release buttons on the back of the watch. problem solved!  anyway, i’ve been wearing mine daily. and the only thing is the stones that fell out. stretch band still good, all beads accounted for.
great band, makes my watch look like an accessory! i get lots of compliments on it.
i haven't had it very long, maybe a week, but it is very comfortable with the elastic beaded bands. it looks more like jewelry than a watch. i got the silver and tan beads with little rhinestones. i was a bit worried it wouldn't go with my rose gold case on the watch but because there is black in-between the rhinestones, it goes very well with the black face of the watch. it doesn't catch on my sweaters either. i hope it holds up well over time.
it's a great band and looks pretty.  once i put it on my apple watch, i couldn't get it off and i don't think it had anything to do with the band.  a month or so later my watch broke (unrelated to the band), so i returned it to apple for service or replacement because i have a 2 year warranty on it, but because their band wasn't on it, it voided the warranty completely.  apple would not honor the warranty because of this band, funny thing, they couldn't get it off either.  bottom line, i would purchase the band again if i had a watch that worked!!
this band is surprisingly gorgeous for the price!  it is stretchy and i have a medium thick wrist. it holds tight enough it doesn’t budge so it will keep its connection even during workouts. it does leave pressure marks on my wrist but it doesn’t hurt. it is super easy to stretch on and off my wrist. i get constant compliments about it. it is very dainty and dressy!  matches perfect with my rose gold watch. i am so glad i found this band so i have a pretty watch band now. feels more like wearing a bracelet!
its beautiful and i have received many compliments. i have been wearing it daily since i received it. i have sent a link to a friend for the pink version, since she has a rose gold apple watch and i would totally buy another one myself.
very fast shipping!  and very pretty.  it comes in a very nice box, and looks fabulous with my rose gold watch.  i hope it lasts, i'll update in a month or so.  but today i'm very happy.
this band is so pretty!!!  i get so many compliments on it.  most comments include disbelief that it's an apple watch that i'm wearing because it looks so nice.  what the picture doesn't show very well is how pretty the stones are on the top and bottom of the watch face.  it makes it stand out even more.  i just hope it lasts.  i'm pretty sure that i'll be buying another one when this one finally dies.  it really is pretty.
i absolutely love this watch band! i chose the white/silver one, and receive so many compliments on it daily. i wanted something that didn't look too sporty for the office, and this band surely did the trick. it really classed up my watch! it looks a lot more expensive than it was. i am going to purchase it in another color. i couldn't be more satisfied. the band is also very comfortable. i forget that it's even on my wrist sometimes. that's a huge plus!
what an amazing item!!  this really takes your watch to the next level. it makes being able to use your watch at more formal functions and feel dressed up. the description was on task and the quality is awesome.  i just wish the band could also be make for a larger sized wrist. i usually wear a 7.5” sized bracelet and this just fit with no wiggle room....for me it was a little to tight. however - i still wore it and received many compliments.
arrived on time. i purchased this band to dress up my i watch. band was easy to attach and the attachments feel sturdy. the band itself stretches and slips on to your wrist. overall, i am happy with the look. it is quite pretty. time will tell if it holds up to frequent wear. i actually changed my watch face to compliment the band colors. it looks really elegant.
when this came in the middle band was broken, however they will accept returns but i kept forgetting to send it so i just took off the middle broken piece and still looks okay, i will probably purchase this again due the fact that its cost effective, and looks good with other outfits besides the plain old apple watch band. the other two bands that are still attached are elastic but they are holding up really well.
just a little too small, however, i like it.  it hasn't broken because after reading the reviews i've been super careful putting it on and taking it off.  it can't be loose because then it wouldn't connect to me as it should, right?  adds some glitz to my watch, which i really like.  an apple watch is an asset and an investment.  this makes it pretty.
i was really surprised at how nice this band looks. it does not look cheap at all!
wow!
i love this band! my wrist measures 6 1/4”. i feel it fits perfectly, but if i’m a little swollen or if it sits lower on my wrist, it can make dents in my skin. i’m personally not bothered by at as it doesn’t happen all that often. i shared a picture that shows how gorgeous this is, but also shows the dents so those of you with larger wrists can make a decision! i get tons of compliments on this!
bought this for for my wife awhile back, so this review is more of a review after awhile owning the product.
so far so good. this watch band is so cute , easy to install and comfortable.  i was looking for something to dress up my apple watch.  ’ve only worn it a few times and have gotten lots of compliments.  i don’t wear it everyday so i don’t know how it holds up.  there is a screw driver enclosed in case some screws come loose so i’ll be watching for that.
this is the most creative apple watch band i have been able to find! i change my watch band almost daily and am always invited the look out for unique ones. this band fits perfectly. not too tight, not too loose. i do have rather thin wrists though. might not work for all people since you can't adjust the size. i have only worn it once so far but received a ton of compliments. it doesn't match my watch metal very well since i have the stainless steel, but i still love it!
too large for my wrist. need to find out how to shorten links. if apple watch is too loose it won’t work properly with a lot of the programs. other than that i love the designs and get compliments on it every day even though i’m wearing it on my arm and not my wrist.
love this band! was a little hesitant to purchase with the reviews saying it was too tight but its actually pretty loose which works for me. i get compliments on this band every time i wear it
so pretty! i like this so much better than the stock band that came with my iwatch. i wear my watch "backwards" so this makes it look like i have a pretty bracelet on. it is stretchy so the band fits me tightly, so the back touches and the hearts rate function works. i was worried it might be too loose and so i'm happy it isn't!
my wife primarily uses the black rubber band that came with her apple watch. we do get dressed up quite often and she wanted something more fancy. she loves this band. it fits her well. she got a neutral color which she said goes well with every outfit. she wants to buy other bands in more colors.
i've small wrist and was wanting this to fit yet it's a bit too large, however it's still super cute and wearable. it fits more like a bangle/bracelet as it flips around, yet it's comfortable. it's not completely impossible to shorten the elastic cords, however it hasn't gotten on my nerves enough to go through the motions and so i'm enjoying it as is. it certainly looks high-end and i absolutely enjoy having a wristband not often seen. go for it, $30 ain't so bad.
i've had this almost a week and i have gotten so many compliments! i'm very picky about things on my wrists but this is comfortable and feels better than wearing a basic silicone band. i give it 4 stars instead of 5 just because it is starting to change a bit of color but i mean it is only $20 so i'm not surprised. i'd definitely buy it again
purchased this for my wife on her bday. admittedly, it was a bit looser than i had figured cause it slides just a little loosely up and down her wrist and i expected it to fit just perfectly with no play but the wife enjoys it the way it sightly loosely fits on her; giving it 5 stars because she really loves it and has worn it everyday since she received it and she loves how shiny it is! the photo shown here doesn't do it justice on how shiny it gets in the sunlight! my wife is a sucker for shiny things.
i can’t tell you how many people have stopped me to complement how nice this looks. sometimes when i maybe have a lot of lotion on there’s an area where i see a small discoloration, but nothing really noticeable. i would order this again. very comfortable, and looks great!
i love this apple watch band. i was wondering how i would adjust it once i received it since most link bands are usually too big for my wrist but it fits perfect and had some elastic stretch to it so you don’t have to take it apart to get it off and on. it also doesn’t turn on the wrist either like a bangle would. it stays in place! if you do have a large wrist though, i could see this potentially being a bit snugger than you might like but i love it. definitely worth it!
the packaging is very professional and nice. i love love the wrist band! it is very beautiful! doesn’t feel like a cheap band at all. i just got it and haven’t really worn it so i’m not sure on how long it will hold together and the durability but if you want something nice to wear occasionally this band is perfect. band is a stretch band there is no clasp
just got it today and hoping this review doesn’t change because... i love it! the pictures do not do it justice. it’s lightweight and not bulky at all - by far my favorite watchband. definitely recommend! plus, you can tell the customer service here is spot on based on the kind note they send in the product box!
this band is so pretty!  the quality exceeded my expectations for the price. the beads don’t look cheap at all. the rinestones are so shiny. it fits quite nicely but it is chuncky. it will take some getting used to after only wearing sports bands. seems pretty durable but anything that is elastic stands the change of breaking. i work in healthcare so this won’t be an everyday band for me so hopefully it will last a long time. i love it!!!
i love this band  it was exactly what i was looking for to dress up my apple watch. i just purchase a series 3 and wanted something dressier and this was a perfect find. shipping was quick and the item was packed very well. i would recommend this seller.
it looks just like the picture, not cheaply made,  i've gotten tons of compliments on it and have had it less then a week. great price!
this band is so pretty and it fits great too! i like how it actually holds your watch against your wrist snuggly, instead of being loose and moving around. i love how it was easy to put on and it really makes your watch look like a piece of jewelry, it was perfect for the wedding we attended.
i love this band! it is beautiful and make it look like you're not even wearing a watch. i will say the sometimes the beads will pinch your arm hair because of who the least is but it's still my favorite band i own.
i’m pretty happy with this! it’s pretty. i’m not sure how long it will hold up, one of the beads already came off but i was able to easily put it back on. it’s held together with two pieces of stretchy elastic per strand of beads.
love love rose gold & love this band. so many compliments & my first time posting a review on  amazon. love mine so much i'm now shopping for other colors! nice package, received quickly, comfortable & pretty way to dress up my apple watch . great accessory for a business casual look to dressy date night . highly recommend .
love it. it’s so beautiful and stylish. i hate watch bands so this is perfect. it’s a little snug but it will adjust to your wrist. the beading is kinda delicate so i wouldn’t workout in it.
i like this bracelet band for my iwatch! it's cute and fun to wear. i've been wearing for several weeks now have love it. i wear it only for work. i change to a different band with i'm exercising.
you dont know how many compliments i got from this band... i used it everywhere and anywhere... whenever people saw it they always give me compliments and asked where i get it from. and of course i told them is from tomazo at amazon.
this band is amazing! already bought a backup. have received many compliments as i wear it daily. love  the stretch in the band so i can just move it higher up when washing my hands. much more feminine looking than the standard solid watch bands.
dangle beads fell off after a month and black beads wear off. but the white underneath looks like part of the design. i get lots of compliments. great for summer. and can’t beat it for the price.
bracelet is beautiful,  only one problem it is a little big and it moved around a lot.
this iwatch band is beautiful!! i absolutely love it!! so worth the price! well made and just perfect!  i will have to buy other colors now!  just a bit tight but not complaining love love love!!
i love the way this looks all fancy. i get a lot of compliments on how nice it looks.  i've had it for a week and so far so good. i'll revise this if anything changes.
i have a pretty small wrist - about 6” in circumference- and it fits just fine. i keep it maybe an inch back from my wrist bone, and it’s secure there. it measures my heart rate, activity, etc. i would recommend for every day or dressy occasions but wouldn’t wear it to the gym -  if you’re doing any running or fast movement with your hands. i keep my sports band for that!
absolutely gorgeous and super comfortable! i get tons of compliments on it. i love that it holds the watch face in placenon my wrist, without being too tight or loose. love, love, love it!!!
i honestly did not think the quality of this band would be so good !! it’s perfect, very good quality and beautiful. i love it
she loved this gift and it was her favorite band to wear til it broke after a couple months . the quality looked good ? i will order her another to try 1 more time .
very nice band, wife loved it! i would recommend it!
this apple watch bracelet is beautiful.  i have received so many compliments. the quality is great. i wasn’t expecting elastic but it feels very nice.
this is a very pretty band for the apple watch. installed as easily as the apple bands. i like it so much, i will order more to go with my wardrobe!!
i really like it. it is a whole different look and the band was incredibly easy to put on. i am thinking about getting another so i can have yet another look for my watch.
this is a gorgeous band! i was surprised by how beautiful this was. my arms are naturally skinny so the space allows my watch to roll around so i had to pass to my sister but i’m envious because this is really really pretty!
i absolutely love these, but i have purchased 3 since i got my watch in april because they have broken. i keep buying them because they are super cute and i get a ton of compliments, but i may have to stop because it’s getting expensive.
very pretty - had to actually cut the strings, take off a few beads, and retie it for my freakishly small wrist - but didn't take long and holds up just fine!
love it! i get so many compliments and it really is lovely. some have mentioned that the eleastic strings broke early on, but mine has held up well. i don't sleep with it nor do i work out with it on unless i change the band back to the original. i've since ordered another color. very happy with value and price and looks.
i am pleasantly surprised .... it’s a stretch band ... seems to be comfortable.  it looks a lot better than the solid plastic one.
nice watch band for my apple watch. it is easy to attach to your watch. i use this band when i want a band that is a bit more dressy.
so many compliments. easy to install. not your everyday watch band but can use everyday. customer service was a dream to work with (one stone was missing and they sent a replacement quickly). wish they had more!
sooo pretty. matches my rose gold apple watch perfectly. i haven’t worn my watch in a while due to my mesh band constantly falling off. this made me fall in love with my watch all over again. will recommend this product.
super cute band and really changes the look of the watch to appear more feminine. it does fit a little big but overall it’s nice.
i really like this apple watch band. all the stones and gems make the band very pretty. it fits well on my wrist and still gives room for movement.
beautiful band, got a lot of compliments on it. it definitely made my apple watch classier! my regret was a little less than a month one of the beaded strips came a loose. i’m saddened by this because i adored it.
wish the band was a little bit larger not much just a little but i love it i get a lot of compliments the one stone hanging in the middle never came with it just the circle for it but no stone thank you
love this product! i frequently receive compliments on this. not flimsy - great with a nice dress or for work. just enough sparkle and bling. great buy!! not cheap quality either..
no complaints here! i love this band. it is very stylish and unique. it does fit tight around your wrist but will stretch to size.
i love it. easy to put on and take off, the only thing that concerned me was after some use the strings that hold the beads together deem to shed some what, which i hope it doesn't break completely, because i really like this band.
i love this band i’ve been wearing everyday for three weeks and so far it’s holding up very well.
absolutely love it!!!  very feminine. very light weight. easy to install. love everything about it!!
very nice and arrived on time. the band does not slide onto the watch easily so don’t be afraid to give it a good shove. overall love this product!
i received my watch band today and omgoodness was i surprised!!!!!  i thought it would just be a average looking bead bracelet band and i would wear it as something different.
absolutely beautiful!!!  i love this band! it came quickly and it was easy put on. looks great with anything
the band is durable. i have worn it daily for 3 weeks. i have recieved many compliments on how stylish it looks. it fits and is nicely secured on the watch. i would definitely order again.
love it!! i got the white one and it's so pretty
i get nonstop compliments when wearing this watch band. it’s a great way to upgrade your apple watch.  i have really small wrists and it’s a bit big, but that doesn’t bother me and it still looks great!
love this band, so easy to put on and lots of compliments.  is holding up very well after a few months of use
i love this! i can't tell you how many compliments i have had on my watch. i'm not a fan of fitness watches and went with the iwatch because i could make it look a little prettier. i tried a few other bands that were "okay", but i really have to say this is my all time favorite!
nailed it as a christmas gift. wife loves it and likes having it show off her watch. a perfectly match color and design.
this is the cutest band. i receive tons and tons of compliments daily! i am crazy about this because it is surprisingly very comfortable and durable. this is definitely a great purchase.
gorgeous! fancy! unique! most people thought it was a beautiful bracelet until they saw my watch face. they were amazed. very beautiful piece
i had contemplated on this item for a while,  but i kept coming back to it. i’m very pleased with the quality of this piece. the installation was simple. the band is nice and stretchy allowing it to slip on easy.  wet happy with this purchase.
this watch band is absolutely amazing. my only complaint is that the elastic is just slightly too large for me and is not adjustable.
i love changing out my bands on my apple watch and was looking for something non-sporty that would look nice for my work life.  this is comfortable and very pretty on my wrist and i immeidately received compliments the first day i wore it!
it is beautiful but i don't know if i just have a wide wrist or it runs small. very tight on me and it gets uncomfortable quick. wish it was a little looser so i could wear it more often! but it is very pretty.
i get so many compliments! i have sm/md wrists and it’s not too tight or too loose
very beautiful accessory for very utilitarian gadget it takes  something as simple as a watch and takes it to elegant piece of jewelry
very pretty.  very easy and convenient to slide on.  makes my silver watch look much more feminine.
this is as pretty as i expected! it’s nice and stretchy, so it is easy to get on and off. i will say it does feel a bit tight if left in one spot too long and tends to leave indents where the beads lay, but it isn’t painful or anything.
i love love love this band it’s so nice and elegant. the only issue i had was that the peice that hangs kept falling off until i finally lost it. but overall it’s so beautiful and i received so many compliments.
love it so much! it's perfect for a dress up situations, i got a rose cover for the face and people are asking where did you get that! planning to get more colors. it's worth buying nice jewelry quality! just order it, you'll be glad you did!
love this watch band. it’s pretty. it’s a little loose but not loose enough where i have to re-enter my pin number. i may get this in more colors.
this was an impulse buy on amazon prime day 2017 and love it. this apple watch band is very beautiful and i have received many compliments for it. it fits on my wrist comfortably and is completely different (in a good way) from the solid sports bands my watch came with. i've been wearing it daily for over a month and the metal hasn't tarnished at all. highly recommended.
so far band is still intact,  feels like a bracelet. looks very cute and is not cheap material but  decent for the price.
it is so beautiful! like shiny and better for fancier occasions then my every day band! so in love!!! get it get it get it!!
i love this band! i get compliments on it every time i wear it. it is not as sturdy as the normal apple watch band so you have to be more careful. i replaced mine 4 months after i bought it but i wear it every day!
i love this! super cute and the quality of the product is awesome. totally ordering more from this seller! :)
i have really small wrists. so this is slightly big for me. but still very cute!
the band is very pretty. however a crystal was missing when i first opened the box. a little disappointed, otherwise it would worth a 5 star.
bought it as a christmas gift for my mom. she instantly put it on and loved it! it's very pretty and fit her wrist great!
the band itself is durable and fashionable.  the only complaint i have is that the beads are on an elastic band and occasionally pinch the skin on the wrist when wearing it.
seems secure & is super cute. making sure it was installed properly took a couple of minutes but once that was done it’s very secure. i wish there was a way to make it a bit more snug, but i crossed the strands & that seems to work ok.
i absolutely love this band! great fit, so cute and different from anything else and goes with so many outfits!!
surprisingly has held up well, and i wear it all day everyday with a rigorous day chasing 4 littles around. i do wish there was someway to make it tighter, but it’ll have to do
the band looks so beautiful! i love it! it looks really girly and it matches with the rose gold very well. the only thing i didn’t like about it is that it’s a bit loose on my wrist. i hope there was a way to adjust it but oh well. i still like it.
i bought this product as a gift for someone else, and they haven't had a chance to use it yet, so i'm not sure about durability. but it's much nicer than the pictures, and very easy to install. so far, a great buy.
the first
this band is stunning. it exceeded all my expectations. i love how it’s a bracelet and easy to put on. looks very well made and doesn’t feel cheap at all. have had it for one day and have already received many compliments on it. i’m super impressed and happy with my purchase!
easy to install onto my watch, and very cute.  i get lots of compliments on this band.  i have had it for about a month now, and there are no signs of wear.
i accidentally bought the wrong size. however it's a very nice band and am looking forward to my replacement arriving.
i love love love this band!!! its gorgeous and i have gotten tons of compliments on it! it matches perfectly with my rose gold watch.
iven as a gift really pretty only hope it holds up. i wouldn't say it is for everyday wear!
the bracelet is beautiful but small, i should have read the description, however it made a perfect gift.
great product.  was a gift and they really liked it.
a unique and attractive band for the apple watch. i bought it as a gift for my wife and she really likes it. the band doubles as a bracelet and makes the watch look more like jewelry than a piece of tech.
love this band.  it dresses up my apple watch and is very comfortable.  it is made out of elastic so it could possibly break but since there a couple of bands i'm not worried about losing my apple watch.  would definitely buy another.
wonderful watch band to dress up my apple watch a little for my daughters wedding.
very nice quality!!!  better than expected! heavy like nice jewelry piece. would recommend!!!!
the watchband is beautiful and dressy! it was a cinch to put on and i also added the watch cover in rose gold to match. it looks very elegant! i am very pleased with my purchase! thank you!
love this!! the apple watch doesn’t always look nice with a dressier out fit but this brand changes that. perfect for going out!!
never knew my apple watch could be jewelry! worked out great for a formal event i needed to attend.
i bought this band for my girlfriend and she ;oves it
the band is feminine and stylish.  the fit is perfect.  the only problem that i have is that one of the beads wasn’t attached on both sides.
beautiful this really makes a statement, turns your watch into a jewelry.
nice if you want to dress up. nice change from the sporty bands.
it is beautiful 😍😍😍😍😍 fits perfectly and makes a nice accessory to use in a night out. i absolutely loved it ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
i am so in love with this band. it is so beautiful in person. i have received compliments and it is comfortable.
i love this band. so much easier to slip on and off then the original
great quality for price..however if you have a small wrist no way to make smaller..more of a bandled look
super fun to wear. i get asked a lot about where i got the band. i'm hoping the elastic holds up for a long time!
it’s little bit tight on my arm. hopefully it will stretch
the most beautiful thing i ever did see. and im not just saying so - it's really beautiful and it's a great price. love it and will definitely buy again.
so funky and easy to put on and off.
this band was more then i expected!!! i get so many compliments every time i wear it and i absoultetly love it. it’s extremely durable and great quality
gorgeous band. i get a lot of compliments on it.
i love this watch. it is so easy to put on and take off and adds some class to the more masculine looking watch face.
really pretty in person...i got it for my daughter but i now want one for myself.
beautiful and the elastic stretch band fits my wrist perfectly! just took it out of the box and put it on. hope it's durable.
beautiful. i have received so many compliments on this watch band. people asked where did you get that beautiful band? is that an apple watch? my only complaint is the size. i wish it was a tad larger. it fits a bit tight on my wrist. but i still like it.
i receive so many compliments on this band!, the only complaint i have is that the hanging/dangling stone fell off; but i've warn it every day since i've received it. great price.
is what i ordered but it is too small
super cute! stretches easily and feels comfortable.
gave as a gift. she really likes it
love the band but wish it were more flexible. uncomfortable to wear if you have larger wrists.
bought it for my wife - reasonably priced, super cute, elastic band for easy on/off, and goes perfectly with her rose-gold watch. she loves it!
it’s so pretty! i’ve had many compliments on this and the silver one. it looks like a bracelet instead of a watch band. and it fits perfectly.
super adorable. makes the watch a little more fashionable. i've worn it to some events that i felt it was an eye sore. not anymore. love it.
i love the band and the seller made sure i was happy and took care of all my needs i love it would purchase it again
this is the 3rd one i bought.  i love being able to change my bands to give my watch a different look.
beautiful! most the time people don’t even notice it’s my apple watch
love it perfect for the gals that don’t like the sporty look
like it very much
love it, easy to swap, get lots of compliments on it.
the way it fit.
beads are loosing color from rubbing
its beautiful! my daughter is gping to love it!!!
very pleased with product
great price.
my wife loves this band!!
adorable! i’m a pretty small person so it’s a little loose on me, but i kind of like it like that. plus this isn’t my everyday band so it doesn’t bug me it’s loose.
love the beads, very pretty. easy to install. i’ll update my review later on the durability. so far loving it.
very useful!
love this.  got it as a gift from my sister.  it a very nice way to dress up an apple watch.
could not give it 5 stars as it is very tight....looks great tho
i get a lot of compliments on this and it arrived nicely packaged too!
this is the prettiest band i have ever had people love it everyone "ask"s where did you get it!"
it’s a little big for a small wrist
love it gives the watch a nice look
nice touch for this watch. it worries me about stretching it out and breaking, but has held up for our cruise.
the look of it and color
it feels delicate but it’s really pretty !!!!
i have 3 different colors of this band.  i wear boring, professional clothing everyday and this watchband adds a special sparkle to my outfit.  easy to change bands on my apple watch and i get lots of complements .
i love my iwatch but its original band doesn’t go with everything, that why i bought this beautoful band. i have received many complimets from my friends. i will definitely buy more designs in the future.
i purchased this band in three different colorways. very pretty band and i receive lots of compliments, but the bead that hangs down has fallen off of two of the three. not a big deal, as the band is still attractive.
it fits nicely around my wrist, it is a tiny bit loose but i’m okay with that since the other watch band was too tight. it’s a beautiful piece! i would definitely order again in another color.
easy to put on the watch and it looks just like the picture.
it works but my wife says it fits a little loose.
doesn’t look cheap. daughter loves this.
beautiful band. my wife loves it!!!!
i love this apple watch band! i wanted a more dressy band to wear to church or on a date with my hubs. it feels sturdy, and is comfortable on my wrist.
only thing is you cannot make the band smaller. very good quality but i have a thin wrist
bought two of these in different colors and they're great - i've received lots of compliments and they seem well made. have worn daily for over a week and still holding up.
it's absolutely gorgeous!!!!!!..... i love it!!!!!!!!
a little too small for my fat wrists but absolutely beautiful
great
very pretty.  came with a screwdriver but haven't figured out how to tighten it yet. overall very nice band.
head turner .. i love it ! only wear it on occasion to ensure it want break.
absolutely love this watch band. dresses up the apple watch. very comfortable and fits great!  highly recommended. i purchase the black for my rose gold watch and love the combination.
this band is amazing!!! much more beautiful in person and the color compliments my rose gold face perfectly. beware if you have wide hands or wrist you must be careful when putting it on or taking it off as the band doesn't have much stretch.
beautiful and classy
was a gift for my coworker she loves it
i received so many compliments. i will re-order again.
i love this watch band!  it’s perfect and looks beautiful!  great quality!
i get so many compliments!  many have ordered this product because they loved mine so much!
this is a christmas gift for my son’s girlfriend. the band is very pretty and seems to be made well. hopefully it’ll withstand occasional wear. so far, i think it was an excellent purchase.
really cute bracelet. it makes the watch look like jewelry which is great when you go out to a nice restaurant and don’t want your watch to clash with your outfit.
it slides a little bit up and down on the wrist
love it and have received several compliments on it already. quick shipping
got exactly what i ordered. matches perfectly with watch.
very nice and cute . but  the best thing you don"t have to do any adjust to the band just wear it
love it!!! fancy..
very cute, great price.
i bought this as a gift. my sister had picked it out and she said it is even prettier in person.
this tomazon apple watch band is beautiful! i have compliments all day about my watch band and everyone wanting to know where to get one. it is well made and i have not have an issue with it so far. i will buy another one in a different color. i give it 5 stars ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
very elegant
beautiful but not for me, this bracelet wasn't comfortable
absolutely love it! product as described and shipped in a nice box. thank you!
my wrist is 6.5" and the fit is perfect. more comfortable than expected. durable and super cute. i loved it so much that i bought the white one too.
love it. it is a little snug but i believe it will loosen up after wearing awhile.
i've received a lot of compliments on this band
love this!
beautiful!! just love this
even cuter in person!
beautiful and good .  .
pretty
great price and great value. i love this band.
absolutely beautiful. very happy with my purchase
i will get this in all colors it is so me
great quality makes the watch looks super delicate
love it, get great compliments! very unique!
i'm constantly ask where did i get that apple watch band!  it's a great conversation piece.  my mother in-law order her one the day she saw.
it is gorgeous, the seller contact me and sent me one that fits perfect!!
very pretty and fits well (my wrist is 6.25"). it's perfect for when you want to dress up a little. i like that the gray bracelet has some black and brown in it, too; it'll go with everything.
it is a beautiful and easy to wear watch band. i love it!
i get so many compliments on my watch now!
love it. needed something pretty and different for my apple watch.
love it! wish they had one with black beads
fabulous!!!fabulous!i get tons of compliments all the time.grest quality durable.i love it
i love my watch band. i purchased this a year ago . i get a lot of compliments when i wear it. i haven't had any problems with this band , you won't go wrong purchasing this.
it is very pretty and fits my wrist well. i also have a 1 year old and he plays with it and it hasn’t broken , which is awesome!
fits well on my arm and have had several compliments on how nice it looks with the apple watch.
so pretty!
i love it would but it again :) shipping took awhile but so worth the wait
i have received so many compliments.  it is really a nice change to dress up my apple watch.
i love love love the band.  i will purchase more in the future
i get lots of compliments when i wear this band, it's a little big but i twist it to make it smaller.
this is lovely!
my wife loves the new look.  it doesn’t discolored.
love it! i received many complements and referred it to others! will be ordering again!!
it arrived really quickly and in perfect condition. such a beautiful watch band. thank you.
this band is absolutely beautiful. unfortunately i had to return it as it was too big for my wife’s hand/wrist. i wish they came a bit smaller to accommodate smaller hands. that’s is the only reason for my 4 star.
got many compliments, loved it
gives my apple watch a dressy/evening look!  more fun less sporty!
very pretty better then the picture
so cute but, my boss had to return because it was too tight.  but, adorable......
really pretty, well made, good fit. very nice people to do business with!
gorgeous! very classy
i love this strap for the apple watch!  it is great for work and formal occasions and easily changes out to other bands to match different outfits.  i highly recommend this product!
i love the beauty it adds to my watch but i hate that the lil piece came off that’s why i gave it a 4 star , the color was perfect with my watch as well .
what can i say? i love it and so does everyone else.
my girl had one before so yes it's great and sexy
my new favorite, fits perfect
love it!
very pretty, runs big.
wife loves it...fits like a charm
super cute! a little loose on my wrist, but the watch doesn't move much.
i get compliments on this wherever i go!!
look really pretty and easy to attach, all my female friends love my apple watch bracelet!
super stylish. love it. got a lot of compliments. it’s comfortable to wear as well.
beautiful bracelet watch band. fit perfectly.  measure wrist before buying. speedy delivery.
beautiful but it’s a little too big for someone with small wrist, my apple watch keep spinning around!
love it. fits well, very pretty
this band is a nice change, from the plain old ones apple has to offer. its easy to put on and it will dress any outfit up nicely.
i love it.  i've had so many compliments on it.  it's so pretty.
absolutely love this band! the elastic band is loose enough to be comfy. it does move up and down my wrist slightly. adds something a little extra to my outfits!
this watch band adds a touch of elegance to an apple watch. it makes for a dressier look on certain occasions.
love this, wear it every day!!
super cute!!! very fast shipping with a special thank you note inside! definitely recommend
tight if you have fat wrist.
i love this band! it's so girly and fun. i changed my review from not functional because the company was nice enough to send me another one that fits my wrist perfectly! (i have super small wrists.)
love the band, gives my rose gold watch a very different look, super classy and cute!
very pretty! would buy again.
love this band - it's feminine and fits just right.  i would recommend this product
really nice way to dress up an apple watch.  slides in easy like replacement bands.  stretch band fits all.
the watch band is beautiful, it does run small though, it barely fits & can’t wear it very long. but the quality is good.
i love my new band 😍. it's super cute, a little big but i also have a tiny wrist. will be ordering again!!
i bought this strap for my friend’s birthday, she like it very well.
this is so much prettier then i expected. maches great and makes my iwatch look reaaly sharp
just read the other comments they say it perfect ^_^
love, love, love it!!! it's dresses up my watch. i've gotten a ton of compliments on it.
love it. the band is a little snug for my wrist but all in all it’s wonderful and looks great!
seller experience was great. product shipped fast and looked perfect upon arrival. wife loves the band.
perfect love it i get alot of compliments
it was perfect! i bought this as a gift and they loved it. kinda wished i would have kept it, so i will for sure be buying another one
it’s pretty. it’s a little tight but i’m hoping it will stretch out some.
this is the best band ever !! it is so fashionable! i have had a million compliments on this band❤️
love love love this band!
love this watch band. very feminine and so versatile
very nice!  bought for my mom and she loves it. great way for a woman to dress up the apple watch.
everyone seems to love it and i just tell them to go to amazon and get one.  no one has seen anything like it.
tons of compliments.
this band is beautiful!
love it. received so many compliments
love! it looks great and is comfortable to wear!
purchased this band with no regrets. will be purchasing others. the quality is very good and it’s very pretty. looks just like the pic and it’s even nicer when wearing it. sooo loving my band. i do recommend.
this is so beautiful.  i would like to see more for the 42mm.  totally worth it.  love
absolutely love it—-can’t believe it was oly twenty bucks!! i get compliments on it constantly
my wife likes it well enough. i got it as a surprise gift.
love this product, it's beautiful
this 4 a gift i love it a change of leather or plastic great laverne c
beautiful
this band is so beautiful, i can't stop looking at it. i highly recommend it! i have a tiny wrist and it fits nicely.
gorgeous and adjustable!!
great band, very stylish.  i love that i can just put it on with no clasps.  will def buy in other colors.
love that this classes up my watch.  and it is great for special occasions
dressy and easy to install.
beautiful and love it
very happy with my watchband.  looks very nice.
i love it!
fits great! i love it the way it looks and fits. it really dresses up the watch.
i get so many compliments on this apple watch band!  and i always say “go on tomazon on amazon!”
perfect wear and the pink matched perfectly with my watch.
i’m thrilled with this band! i loved my apple watch, but was unhappy with all the sporty/blah band choices. this one fits well and is super cute!
great band .... fits great and i get so many compliments!
even prettier in person
beautiful
love it!
i love this. got so many compliments on how nice it was. i will definitely be ordering more colors!!
love it!
i was looking for something that was a little more dressy than the bands i have.  this band is very pretty and dressy.
i have worn it every day since purchase and have nothing but good things to say.  have received a lot of compliments and given out where to purchase.
so beautiful i get so many compliments
i think it’s beautiful but not for everyday use !  i kept it for when i’m dressed casual ,
looks really good!
love this watch band... was perfect to dress up my watch.  exactly as i expected it and received in just a few days.
super cute i get a lot of compliments
this is my second watch band from your company i love them everyone i meet love them as well ❤️😁😘..thank you so much for fast service...
the wristbands were exactly how i imagined & came in a timely manner.
great product fast delivery
very nice watch band.
fun way to bling out your apple watch.
love this band! so cute and so stylish
omg! i love it!!! i am so buying more!!!
was worried this wouldn't fit i have a fairly big wrist but it fits perfect and is very pretty!!
love it
very cute! looks exactly like the picture. the dangling part fell off the first day i wore it but i put it back on.
arrived super fast and am getting lots of compliments! i love it!!
so pretty and very strong
arrived on time.  fits watch great.  comfortable.  good quality.
it's really fun to dress up my iwatch!!
love this item. purchase fits watch perfect. i bought in white to match my wedding dress but totally looks like a classy bracelet xoxox love it
i have received several compliments on this band -- it is easy to put on and even easier to wear.  i love the look.
love, love, love! i definitely recommend ordering this if you are wanting to your apple watch to look dressy!
i loved sooooooo much it’s sooooo beautiful and sooooo worthy for the price
love the band as it is beautiful and i have received several compliments on it.  only issue i have is that i have small wrists and it fits me loosely. there is no adjusting it.
just as pretty as the pictures. i’ve gotten compliments every time i wear it!
love this band! i have gotten several comments that it's very unique
best impulse buy ever! i have purchased several bands for my 42 iwatch, and this is by far my favorite. simple and classy.
very different. i love it to dress us the watch. it is a conversation piece. it arrived quickly and itis reasonably priced.
this item was shipped promptly, the quality of the item is excellent. i ordered a second one shipped to my daughter.
i love my new band and plan to order it in other colors.
i loved it! the beads are glass.
i bought this for my wife when she goes out and it is unbelievably awesome. it is a real head turner.
love it
very nice band. it is a little loose on my wrist, but i still like it. i put a twist in the band before connecting to the watch and now fits better.
very nice makes the watch more dresser. my wife loves it
i love this band. though i do have to make some adjustments when i want an accurate heart rate.
its very pretty
very cute, so much compliments
it was easy to install and dresses up the watch.
this is so cute and girly, i have gotten many compliments on it
wife loved the watch band.  very nice and seems to be well made.  happy with purchase.
love my watch band
the band could be more comfortable with options for link.
better than i imagined. i got lots of compliments.
beautiful. high quality. just as stated in the photo and description. i love it.
it's a beautiful piece that makes my apple watch look so pretty!
very beautiful
got lots of compliments on this band. love how it makes me want to wear my watch everyday
beautiful band! terrific way to bling up your apple watch.
great service. product as expected.
beautiful
bought this for my mom. she gets a lot of compliments!
it was just as described!!! fast shipping very nice !
i love this band. i’v gotten so many compliments!
a little loose but love it looks great
wife love it that’s all i got
this is an adorable band at a great price!! i would definitely buy it again!
nice “blingy” watch band for my wife’s rose gold apple watch. she loves it.
so many compliments!!  it's holding up well!  i love it!
this may be elastic but it doesn't look like it. it's so pretty. i love it.
i highly recommend this product.
love this. lots of compliments.
love it, it’s not loose or tight very comfortable. received before expected date that’s a plus.
love the look of this band.
absolutely love this band
have had less than a week and the dangling ball is gone.  many compliments on the band
this watch band is so girly. i love it!!! highly recommend it.
exactly as advertised, and beautiful! very pleased
looks and impresses more then the pictures.
excellent easy to put on my i watch and it looks very fancy and classy
love it! it look just like the picture!
such a lovely band. i have gotten a lot of compliments.
it is beautiful and for the price, unbeatable😍
love it!!!! so many compliments
love this band for my apple watch.
i love this watch band! everyone is asking where i got it and they love it too.
love it
excelente
nice band! but not made for wearing everyday or often.
my cousin loves it. its great. thanks alot.
very dressy. great quality
absolutely beautiful love ❤️ it
beautiful product! i will be ordering another one soon.
this is an awesome accessory.  i get complements on it every where i go
very pretty
this is my favororite of all my bands ... it makes the watch stand out more and could wear this to go out
love this band.  going to buy the other colors for versatility!
love! this band. it's very stylish
super cute! and comfortable!!!
this product is beautiful. got a lot of attention!!
love it
love this accessory. really dresses up my iwatch!
love
great quality metals havent turned fits good
love this one..  pretty
lots of compliments on this unique band.
love it
i love it! it's beautiful. i'd recommend to anyone.
very cute!
beautiful watchband that is me all the way!
stunning!!!!!  i get so many compliments. really beautiful!!!
very pretty!
amazing, i'm so grateful
beautiful band. looks very gorgeous.
looks beautiful on
fits perfect. very pretty!
great
love it ..
the prettiest band ever. so feminine.
😍
beautiful.
love it!!
love it ❤️
love it! so many compliments
the pink color is really perfect color to matches the iwatch,it makes people feel it is very expensive. i buy it for my friend's birthday. i.am sure she would.like it.
photos do not do this band justice.  it is very nice and well made and has just the right amount of bling bling.  the band is perfect for wearing with more dressy clothes or even with jeans.  i travel extensively and attend formal events.  i usually bring a variety of apple watch bands but this band alone will fit the bill for evening events.  the only down side, as other reviewers have mentioned, it does hang a little too loosely.  perhaps future products could be made a little tighter, especially since it does stretch with the elastic. time will tell how well the band holds up.
i love having my watch on me at all times so to have something that doesn't make it look tacky with my outfits for weddings and what not, this is great. it is very comfy also, but it is small.
beautiful band. it fits me a little too tightly, so i don't wear it as much as i would like. it seems like it is of good quality. i wish there were more sizes and colors available.
lovely presentation. i am a little concerned about the strings getting a little loose. however, the band is so beautiful and not pricey; if necessary, i will simply purchase another.
there are several companies on amazon selling this band. i happened to grab it here because it was a deal and i didn’t have to worry about a return if there was a problem. this gets the full 5 stars because it is as advertised and came less than 48 hrs after ordering. packaged in a nice box for storage, this will only be worn on special occasions but that’s why i purchased it. i have several colored bands to go with casual outfits. i immediately put this on when it arrived and was stunned by how classy it looks! i was terrified it wouldn’t fit based on reviews (by other sellers) - that it would be too loose and slip around my wrist. not true! i have the 42mm watch and it fit just like the “rubber” style bands, but maybe that’s good because the cords aren’t stretched. i am super careful taking this off as i want it to last. if you know that going in you won’t be disappointed - don’t expect every day wear. i purchased the white pearls to make it easier to go with earrings/other jewelry. enclosing photos.
this apple watch band is so beautiful. i got mine in pink to compliment my rose gold apple watch. i just received my band and haven't gotten to wear it just yet. i tried it on and i love it. i almost wish i ordered two having the other one for back up in case anything happened with the first one. i will say that the band is a bit tight (i don't have a big wrist at all) and i almost get nervous when having to take it off, fearing i will eventually pop the elastic that holds the beads together when i have to stretch it to take it off. due to the snug fit, i did notice it will pinch the skin on my arm every now and then. overall, as long as it doesn't pop when i plan on getting a full days wear out of it i will stick to my 5 star rating despite the "cons" i mentioned. (tight fit, pinching my skin)
bought this in black and loved it so much i got it in white.  i get so many compliments on it every where i go - people stop me in the mall to ask where i got it.  i only wish they also had them with gold hardware instead of silver.  i will say i've worn the black one enough that a couple of the beads started losing their black coating in a stripe in the center, but someone who doesn't know would think it's part of the design.  also, i'm sure at some point the elastic will wear out, but i've gotten more than enough use out of it to make it worth the money.
this watch band bracelet looks very nice on my arm, makes the apple watch look very fancy and fits perfectly!!!  it is not heavy on the arm...i forget that i am wearing it, it’s so lightweight.  i did not have make any adjustments to the watch band bracelet.
beautiful! i love this band! i’ve worn it for about three days and it seems to be well made so far. it’s comfortable, and fits my average sized wrist perfectly. i wear the larger size of the apple band, but buckle it on almost the smallest hole. a smaller wrist might find this bracelet to be loose.
i get compliments on this everywhere i go. it's definitely very pretty.  there is a little dangling bead on that hangs from the bottom, under your wrist, which looks cute, but is really annoying if you keyboard a lot because it's constantly rubbing between the desk and your arm (so i took that bead off, easily).  it also fits just a bit snug -- i'm a 'healthy'-sized woman (ok, verging on big), and it fits snugly on my wrist, leaving just a little bit of marks. it isn't uncomfortable though, and again, is really very pretty.
wow! x 100...that’s what i said when i pulled this baby out of the box. i bought this item using my brothers prime😊. top notch looking and the fit is perfect 👌🏾 my wrist is a 5.5. my fitbit bands that i’ve bought that fit me perfectly are the small 5.5-6.5. if you should purchase don’t be alarmed at the size because this band has as elasticity it will stretch to fit. there no pinching, poking of loose wires or string. just got it so i’ll do an update in a week or so. this band took my apple watch from frumpy to fabulous 😍.
i am so excited about this band for my apple watch! my wrists are very small so it is not snug on me. for this reason, i wish it was adjustable. other than that, i love the look of this band. the original band was too "sporty" for me and didn't fit in well with my regular wrist-wear. this band allows my apple watch to blend in perfectly. hopefully the watch doesn't slide around too much because of the slackness.
my apple watch felt kind of masculine. this was the perfect solution for me. i love it so much! i am a little concerned about the reviews that said the strandscame apart in days. since i am crafty, i plan on restringing the strands with a sturdy elastic. just a “better safe than sorry” measure. total worth the price though. i have had it less than a day and have gotten so many compliments!
perfect for dressing up an apple watch! when dressing up for a night out or just wanting something less sporty, this is the perfect accessory!! bands switch out and secure in place in seconds. love the stretchy elastic beaded bands. you almost don’t notice it’s attached to my apple watch. just looks like a cute bracelet!! will definitely order more in other colors!!
it’s flexibility was a big factor for me. i like the elastic band but i wanted it to be more durable. i’ve had it for a couple weeks and i can already see the elastic has shredded in some places. i’d buy this band again because it makes my watch look more like jewelry and because it was inexpensive. i’ve gotten so many compliments on this band. people keep asking me where i got it from.
i just love my new bracelet for my iwatch. it's perfect for when i'm wearing a dress or more upscale casual clothes. it's a tiny little bit loose on my wrist but it may be because i have small wrists? but not enough to make the watch face dangle. so its all good. i would definitely recommend this iwatch bracelet to any woman who wants to look more elegant.
had this about 2 weeks
i purchased this band to wear with my bridesmaids dress for my sister’s wedding. the band was beautiful and well worth the money. i did purchase this during a lightning deal and am so glad i did! i received a ton of compliments and the other bridesmaids wished they would have ordered one as well. it really dressed up my watch and made it look extra classy!
this is such a cute watch band for the price!  i did notice, however that you need to be very cautious of the small (fake) diamonds near the watch itself  if you lose one diamond, it will not look very nice when you're wearing it.  it will be very visible once you lose some diamond-like gems.
i love mine!  it's really beautiful and elegant. it is a bit more snug than i thought it would be, but it doesn't feel too tight.  it leaves a bit of indentations, but again, it doesn't "feel" too tight.  i find it is comfortable.  i highly recommend it.
this band looks exactly like the picture. it was easy to put on and came with a neat tool i can use to put other bands on my apple watch. i got the product a day earlier than promised so that's a plus as well.
the first day i wore this band, i received so much compliments.  even my husband thinks it’s beautiful and he was even impress how much the rose gold color was close to my iwatch color.  i have a small wrist and it fits perfectly.  i highly recommend this!
i absolutely love my new band for my apple watch. i wore it to my christmas party and got so many compliments on it. all my coworkers wives were telling their husbands that they want an apple watch with this band. it’s very sturdy and easy to get on and off.  i got the dark gray band and it goes very well with my dark gray apple watch.  it goes very well with my david yurman jewelry.
super cute.  fit a bit tight but nothing that would make it feel too uncomfortable.  recieved lots of compliments.  i will eventually purchase the black/grey one.
as soon as i connected it to my apple watch i knew it would become my favorite band. i did alter it a bit. i removed the dangling ball in the middle because i didn’t like it. now it’s perfect. did some errands and received a ton of compliments!
it fits perfectly, i have gotten so many compliments on it, have shared information so they can get their own. i absolutely love it!
super cute and good quality.  for the most part slides in pretty easily on the watch.
got it for a christmas present for my 14 year old niece. but it was classy enough i would happily wear it. seemed high quality and even came with a screw driver to help in the changing of the band. she loves it it is the perfect balance of middle ground to where it can be worn dressed up or down.
somehow i expected the watch face too.  i didn't read it correctly and didn't realize what high tech the watch face was, but the bracelet/band is very nice.
i read all the reviews for this band before asking for it for christmas... i did get it and i love it! it's sooo pretty in person, locks in nice and easily, and best of all is the rhinestone finish near the watch face... really stands out and feels like a million bucks! i have the pink and may order the clear soon!
this watch band is very comfortable and stylish! it makes my watch look like a bracelet! love it!
i ordered two different colors of these and i’m so glad i did! i put the pink one on my watch today and it’s beautiful!! good quality, classy, very pretty and easy to put on. i’m going to order even more colors now. terrific product that really dresses up the apple watch.
i love this watchband! it's so pretty and makes the apple watch more appealing with pretty outfits rather than the workout style bands. exactly what i was looking for. the fit is a little snug on my wrist but not too bad.
for the prime day deal it was very cheap!!! i love the way it looks perfect for work or night out! it is stretchy so i’ll update and let you know if it holds up! i got the rose gold/pink too!!! love it so far!!
my friend saw it and didn't believe it was for her watch, after trying it she just loved it! over all i recommend it!!
easy connection well made and an excellent price. will buy again and recommend to our friends.
i like this it’s just tight on my wrist, i hope with time the elastic loosens up a little bit
this watch band is absolutely gorgeous!  pink is my favorite color (thank you, steven tyler) and it's comfortable
great watchband for evening wear or dressing up an oufit.
the band was easy to install and the wife really likes it
i order this watch band for my apple watch and it is beautiful. and it arrived very fast.
i get a lot of compliments when i wear this attachment!!!
i absolutely love this band. it caught my eye online and i love it even more in person. it is very stylish and unique.
so pretty! just what i was looking for,
this watch band is beautiful and it is easy to change watch bands on your apple watch. makes a statement when you want a dressy watch look.
just as pictured. really nice quality!
it is so beautiful to look at and the fit is perfect!! the band is elastic but u can't really tell!!! it looks like a bracelet!!!! love it
i love this watchband!!!!!!!! it really dresses up my iwatch.
i absolutely love this band.... i receive compliments all day long when wearing it!!!!  it is very feminine and beautiful!!!
love it! nice band for the price. it even fits my big wrist.
loved the look of this band. i needed something to use on nights we dress up and go out. matches the color completely i want to buy more
i love this it's so beautiful just wish it was bigger.
very pretty, get lots of compliments!
love my new apple watch strap... very pretty for going out
great quality, just a little snug so beware if you have big wrists.
love the band...just slightly too large, but it'll work loosely fitting.
i love how it adds a little bling to my apple watch. very comfortable to wear.
fits great
my wife loves the watch band, and it was well made.
absolutely stunning and great quality
great
have 3 of these in different colors. love them ll.
looks great and fits nicely with the rose gold apple watch. a little tricky to see which side is up, but when you get it right, it's a perfect fit.
best apple watch band i have purchased!  it is comfortable and i always get tons of compliments!
looks dainty love it.
beautiful product, do wish it was adjustable and not just the stretch cord but i  worry that it may break because of the stretch cord.
love it!
fits a little snug but it’s very pretty
lightweight very attractive-i have received a lot of compliments  on  my watch band
great band, even after a month i continue to get compliments. great product and highly recommend getting one.
great fun - not for people looking for a simple band, but if you like some flash, you’ll love it.
beautiful peice. .  fits perfect.  looks great . price is really good . came quick . :)
i searched for days, and decided on this one. super cute!!!
really like it but one of the jewels already popped off. it was the one dangling. i’ve had it for a few weeks.
was a gift for a friend. she loves it
thank you, i love my watch band
the watch band is so nice and easy to put on and wear. really dresses up the watch.
purchased as a gift my sister.  she loves. loves it!
how great it looks with the watch!!!!
a mi esposa le encantó, y quedo perfecto en un serie 3
love it! beautiful.
love it! beautiful!
love it. very well made ❤️
i love this watch band!
beautiful watch band
es precioso
came exactly as ordered. great quality.
love it !!!!!
i love this watch band. it is so pretty and i get so many compliments on it.  it is very sturdy and i love wearing this when i am dressing up and still want to wear my watch.
nice watch band
i get compliments all the time. more beautiful in person!
i love it wish there were more colors
this products looks just like the photos.  it fits well but i can tell it probably isn't durable.  it looks like it could send beads flying very easily.  i think you can tell that from the photos though.  knowing this, even prior to purchase, i just take extra care with it.  i wouldn't buy if you are looking for something you can stretch and abuse, but if you just want it for a once-in-a-while pretty watch band, you'll be satisfied.
excellent chance for iwatch.  get compliments every day
very nice
love it
kind of snug. i have small wrist and it was rather tight
this is absolutely stunning for the price you will love the look and the versatility it provides. love to switch the band on my i watch to look nice on an evening out
great love it
i get a lot of compliments on this band! very cute
nice
this iwatch band it wonderfully made and i received several compliments on it.
love this versatile and fancy watch band. get so many compliments on it. great for work, date night, or dressing up casual outfit. only down side is elastic stretches out after a few months if daily use, so it rests lower on wrist and sometimes causes disconnect from main phone when watch isn’t touching my skin. otherwise very pretty band. would definitely order it again.
love the durability of the beads on the watch. color does not fade. perfect quality.
match prefect with my paparazzi accessories
the silver and gray band are really great looking on the silver apple watch. i have also ordered the pink one, which also is very nice looking. the pink one recently broke after almost a year of wearing.
i bought this for my sons wedding i was prefect and  everyone said how gorgeous it was. the only thing i could say bad about it was i have a tiny wrist so it moves  a little, but i just put it higher on my wrist and it was better
this is by far the prettiest i watch band ever!!!
nothing
i recently got engaged and was in need of an upgrade from my defaulted pink band to a silver one. this suits my needs perfectly. it looks nice and doesn't look gaudy, fits snugly on my wrist and is easy to put on and take off. i can't wear it to bed nor can i wear it to the gym like i did with my default band, but it pairs nicely with my outfits for work and for daily use. it is a stretchy band so it has multiple plastic bands that stretch, so i would reduce a star for that quality. i am afraid it will break so i have to put it on and take it off carefully. i've already seen a few of the thin plastic bands fraying and i've only used it for a couple days.
love this band!!! i get so many compliments on it!!!!! it’s comfortable and i’ve had it a while now (few months at least) and it’s hold up well! i now feel comfortable wearing my apple watch even if i’m dressed up!
super cute product and fits my small wrist well
so cute! love it
bday gift for my fiancé and she loves it
super comfortable, i wear it every day, doesn't even feel sticky when it's hot or when i work out and sweat, no part chafes or rubs against my wrist in a bad way. thick, strong, pleasant feeling leather. very happy!!
first off, let me say i'm big on reading reviews before ordering anything and beyond picky!  i have been on the hunt for a girly but modern looking band for my 38mm apple watch. i searched in stores first and found nothing so of course i turned to amazon!!  i found a handful and ended up ordering a few - the pink leather band being one. the band is awesome. i had some issues with one side locking in place so if that goes wrong i'll come back and edit my review, but i got it to stick in place and i love it!!  the band is soft, and long enough to leave 3 notches left of room should i want the band looser. i have a 6.5in-ish wrist so band size is important to me. i wish it was a little longer, just for my picky reasons, but nothing i can't live without!!!  i have the rose gold colored apple watch and the muted hot pink is a nice compliment to that.  my husband even commented on how nice it looks on. definitely recommend this band to any ladies needing something a little feminine but not over the top!!
just got the band in the mail and i love it. the quality feels nice and it fits really well. love the bright golden rod color and it looks nice with the black watch. really happy and will update in a few weeks/months if it falls apart!
just put this new band on yesterday so i can't speak to durability but it looks great and really comfortable! it's my fault for not realizing this but it's polished chrome which doesn't go great with my gunmetal grey watch but i'm the one that forgot to check.
when my wife put on this band the first thing she noticed was how comfortable the band was. the band is stiff in a sturdy way, yet still soft leather. the adapter fit tightly into her series 2 watch and didn't wiggle once they click in. she has a smaller wrist, about 5.5" and she's using the middle most hole. there are 9 total, and she's using the 5th, so if you have bigger wrists, this may not be the band for you. i have almost 7 inch wrists and it fits me at the second to last hole. also note, the adapters are shiny silver, not brushed silver like the watch, but we think it adds a touch of class to the band/watch. she's been wearing it now for a few days and has no complaints. great band at a great price!
it was great the right color the leather was great
i have been using white band for my apple watch 3 (only gps), silver, 42mm, for a week so far. the quality (the leather band, metal buckle (silver)) is great for the price. not sure how long it is going to last, considering it is white, but for the price, it's great if it lasts for a year, for example. white bands for silver watch looks very fashonable (at least i think). the bands are smoothly attached to apple watch (i heard some low quality bands do not slide in smoothly), and they are super stable (no need to worry about the bands fall off). very happy with the product.
this is my second watch band purchase from this company in 2 months. the mustard colored one i bought before was such nice quality that i bought the navy color. the pebbled leather looks expensive and feels great, very comfortable. silver buckle is nice quality. no downsides yet!
good product feels durable, the color is as expected fits well with my apple watch. no complaints over all.
i love fullmosa's bands and have three (so far).  they are gorgeous in color and quality of leather and craftsmanship.  they are very comfortable to wear and easy to buckle.  i really hope they soon offer leather bands for the fitbit ionic (i wear both apple watch and ionic).  i've ordered lots of leather bands from other sellers that were not real leather or were dry and brittle.  fullmosa's bands are a wonderful soft, buttery leather.
i previously bought this band in black and absolutely love it. almost every cheap band i've bought looks cheap--you get what you pay for. this one (the black version) doesn't look cheap at all--it looks like it cost several times more. i was so pleased with it i just ordered the band in brown. this one just doesn't measure up. the color in the photo is not at all representative of the true color--rather than dark or medium brown it is an orange brown. think the color of a basketball. very disappointed. the pebbled finish doesn't translate well from the black either. it is ok, but it doesn't look like a premium band.
amazing band! i got the brown color for my 42mm apple watch sport space grey, and at first (before receiving the item), i was skeptical of the look, but then i received the band and... wow! it was truly amazing. i never do reviews so the fact that i'm willing to do one for this product makes it one of my favorite purchases. it was the cheapest decent looking leather band, and you could never tell that if you saw it on my wrist. the leather actually smells like real leather and acts like it. the band molds to your skin after about three days, increasing comfortability. the stainless steel lugs fit into the watch nicely, just like a certified apple band. at $14, i can't really complain at all about the band. i'm stunned at the quality, and i never expected this from an amazon product this cheap!
this was the first replacement band i have bought for my apple watch. i had no idea what to expect when i ordered this. i was so pleasantly surprised! the band is very high quality and was very easy to switch out. the blue color looks very similar to in the photograph. the leather is a little stiff and will need to break in to fit really well, but i think that is to be expected and i don't really have any concerns about that. i have a small wrist and ended up fastening the band at about the half-way point of the holes (so about 1/2 as many were tighter and 1/2 looser). the band came in a very nice box and included a little tool to use, but i didn't need the tool, so i'm not sure what that was for.
i am liking this band very much. since the price was so reasonable, i took a chance and ordered three different colors of the leather, white, tan and black. the band feels nice on my wrist, the leather is soft and slightly thicker than others i have purchased for the same price. (which i like). like that it came with the tool to help remove the strap if needed. 4 starts here because when i received the band, (white) the strap was on the watch attachment part, backwards. i had to remove the band from the pins and turn it. now it stays in the watch without a problem.  i would recommend this band. i've had no problem with the leather peeling off as per some reviews, and i've been wearing it every day since i received the band. if it starts to peel, i will revise this review.
feels very nice! i like the color and the feel of this band it is much more comfortable than apples. i think it maybe leather or at least feels like it. i think that it really can't be because of this awesome price! comes packaged very well and even has a tool to remove the band. you don't need a tool to change the band. it's a very nice touch though. they could have saved a lot of money not adding the tool if you add it up over thousands of bands sold so to me that says something about them as a company in general. if you guys are trolling your reviews, thanks for a great band!
i was at first hesitant to buy this product due to some reviews saying that the buckle or the connection to the watch itself can break and fall apart. i am happy to report that after three months of off and on use i have had not problems with the band and have not seen any signs of wear or damage. maybe they have improved the product since the negative reviews were posted or those people in particular received a faulty product, but i have not had any problems whatsoever.
got what i expected. a nice brown watch band that fit my 42mm space grey. not a single complaint.
very nice band in every way.
the color of this band is beautiful, the leather is soft and the hardware seems very sturdy.  my only quibble with this band is that it is a little short for my wrist, and i can't decide if it fits comfortably.  it is a bit shorter than the included long band with the apple watch.  if you have a larger wrist this band is very likely not to fit you comfortably.  my band fastens only in the last two holes and it allows for no ease.  it fits nicely into the watch and looks beautiful.
it was better than expected, i have a tiny wrist and was scared it was overlap and look bulky. it fit and felt great ! it was also easy installation, not sure what the tool was for didn’t use it.
as described.  very nice quality, totally changes the personality of the watch.
what a beautiful band. the leather is soft and supple. fits and looks great with my black 38mm apple watch. i have a bigger than average wrist and still have more than enough holes to use so it should fit someone with a bigger wrist. it came packaged in in a beautiful box crafted to protect the band. i liked it so much that, in addition to the grey, i purchased the white, red and yellow. of course shipping was fast with amazon prime so i received it in time for my business trip. thanks amazon!
i've ordered about five fuchsia pink apple watch watchbands and this is the first one that is even remotely close to the picture color. in person, the color is a little warmer than the pictures. but it's still pretty, and the leather and construction seem to be pretty good, so i'm keeping it!
the green is a pretty color and just as pictured. i like the feel and construction, but as a lady with average wrist dimensions this band is too long and wraps to a funny place. i have a 42mm watch, so this may be part of the issue. a male friend really liked how it looks and wants one for himself. he called it grown up and fancy vs. the sports bands he's used to. watch band envy. ha ha.
wanted a leather version band to add some variety in my watch looks. loved this. wore for valentine's day and plan to wear for all the patriotic holidays. very nice for the price savings over the apple version. band easily slide on/off the watch. a little stiff out of the box but was very pleased overall.
after looking how well made this is i would have to agree that it is the best quality band for an apple watch at a really good price. first of all the hardware is indeed stainless and the quality is amazing. the way the band hardware is secured to the band is seamless with precision and no defect. the 38mm does size up just like the small sports apple band so the sizing should be identical. this is based on using only the smaller band and not the large extra one you get in the apple watch box. the material is superb and absolutely comfortable to wear. the band itself is high quality as you can tell by it keeping its shape like it should contour on your wrist. overall the hardware is polished stainless but having a aluminum watch did not make it look weird, it actually still looks amazing. the number one thing you should look at is hardware and i must say this is the highest quality i found. buy with confidence unless you want to loose your watch from a failing hardware strap.
i have finally found an i-watch band that i'm happy with and will be wearing full-time. i have tried other brands but they are cheap in comparison. the fullmosa watchband for i-watch 38mm seems to be of good quality leather, is sturdy, yet flexible, and will fit from small to large wrists. i have a large wrist and there is enough room to provide a nice overlap. the two cuffs contain the overlap nicely and are snug enough, that i don't expect them to slide off the overlap. all in all, i'm very happy and will probably order another color sometime soon.
this is a very stylish band and is good quality for the price. been using it for 5-6 months now and get compliments on it all the time. from reading other reviews, i do agree that it doesn't snap into place as perfectly as the original band that my apple watch series 2 (nike edition) came with as it wiggles ever so slightly on one side, but it doesn't feel like it would randomly fall off at all. the only way i see this falling off your wrist is if your watch band gets caught somewhere without you realizing it or if the leather band itself was torn off the metal piece.
i was skeptical at first as i've had some bad luck with leather bands for my watch that i've bought online before but this one is of good quality. solid feel to the leather and metal components and it really does breath, the color selection is great, i bought the brown one and wear it to the office and have gotten nice compliments on it. i just placed an order for the dark blue and black bands to add some variety. very nice to wear in office environments.
i was looking for a true red and finally found it.  not only am i happy with the deep red color, but it's made very well too, so comfortable.  you'll see i also purchased one for a friend and she is extremely happy with the band too.  we are both going to be purchasing more colors.  i have a small wrist and she has a larger, the band fit us both and the extra loop was great for me.
great product. looks and works as advertised. the only (minor) gripe i have is the length of the bands; my wrists are large so after closing the strap the remaining 'tongue' of the strap is too small to easily slide into the inserts. but this is a minor gripe and most people will have no issue.
love this band.  feels great and looks expensive.
i got two colors- yellow (a beautiful mustard color) and grey (a beautiful light grey). i’m allergic to the metal in the apple sport band that came with my 38mm series 3 so i needed to purchase a replacement. these bands are flexible and comfortable. easy to install- the same as any other band- and stylish. the colors are exactly what i was expecting, too. these are worth the money. i will say- if you have big wrists they may not fit. i have medium glove sized hands and relatively small wrists and i’m on the 3rd to last hole in my band.
honestly really love this band! i bought this sky blue one (to match my phone case, which is identical!), the black one and a different band from a different seller.
i just bought this band and haven't worn it very long but so far i love it! it is very comfy and looks great! it fits perfect to my wrist. definitely recommend this product and will probably be ordering more colors!
i ordered my white apple watch band yesterday and received it the next evening.  one day shipping is crazy good!  great quality band, nice pebble grain, easy to attach, very comfortable and arrived in a nice box. it will be perfect for the events i will be attending this coming weekend in newport ri. this band exceeds my expectations.
i love these apple watch bands from amazon for such great prices! i have a color for every outfit, now i know this white will get dirty fast as did the light rose gold pink ones i got previously but i get all my watch bands from amazon, some come with cases, other screw drivers i love it!
arrived in a flash, less than 2 days since i ordered it.  i think amazon reads my mind.  watch is perfect for my new apple watch.  love it, thanks!  i have used these bands in the past with another apple watch and the bands fit well, held up perfectly and looked very good.  i would not hesitate to buy more and probably will in the future.
i purchased this for my wife's apple watch silver with white band i bought her this with red color band so she can change. looks great
wow i really like this band,is the best third party apple watch leather band i have ever bought i like the style, the color and the band use pins to attach to the adapter that goes to the apple watch which means you can replace the bands using the same adapter, i got the 38mm version which use regular 22mm watch band, i really recommend this apple watch band.
i’ve only been wearing this for about a week and a half so i can’t say how durable it really is,  but so far it’s amazing! i’ve been wearing this one exclusively and it looks just as perfect as the day i got it. the mustard color is perfect
these bands are wonderful.  they fit great.  small wrist with plenty of room for larger or still smaller wrist.  the thickness is just right.  i have bought 5 colors and am now ordering more.
i purchased my watch band about 8 months ago, and i've been happy with product. i never had any functional issues, and i've received many compliments. however, i recently had to purchase another band to replace my current one due to fading of the band over time (see photo). i wear my watch ~5 days a week at an office job, so i suppose this is a decent amount of use considering how affordable the watch band is. however, i am a little disappointed to know i'll have to replace it so often. overall, i am happy enough to purchase another band.
great quality even in water! it’s much more comfortable than my sport band. can’t say enough about how much i love it. would buy again!
when i first started buying extra bands for my apple watch, i worried a little that other manufacturers wouldn't be as good.  with the leather band, there is no need to worry.  the quality is excellent, and the band feels good on my wrist.  this blue leather band has become my go-to band, going with everything from jeans to going-out-for-dinner clothes.
so far, i love the band! it's not stiff like what the other reviews say, and it matches so well with my gold watch. it's super comfortable. i haven't sweated or washed my hands while wearing this yet, so i will come back to update my review if any problems occur. the packaging came in such a cute box, and it doesn't feel cheap either!
this is the second fullmosa leather band i have ordered (one navy and one black)and they are hands down the best leather bands i have ever had for my apple watch.  they are stylish and very comfortable and the price is great!!  rest assured that i will be ordering more and thank you for making such a wonderful product!!!
i love the texture of this band and it stands out next to the smooth leather bands.  i also appreciate the double loops to secure any extra band after locking it.  i had no problem installing it on my iwatch.  the only thing i would change is an option for a smaller band.
i bought the red leather band for my apple watch and am very pleased. its a good quality and great
the strap is actually quite nice. i was expecting the leather to be harder but it was very soft right out of the box. it was kind of hard to squeeze on the first time, and the quality of the metal parts isn't that good and it was slightly difficult getting the strap on. but it looks great and the quality seems decent enough. the space grey buckle is a nice touch. the "leather" is smooth and smells good, and feels good on the wrist, although its not as comfortable as other straps. it's definitely a nice way to dress up your watch.
the color is true to the color as advertised. i really like the green.  it fit perfectly on my apple watch 3 with no problems. i don't think it is leather but it's worth the price i paid. i'm happy with the purchase. i will update my review after i've worn it and had it a while.
the band is super soft. it’s so soft that when i first put it on, i kept touching it to make sure it was on snug. you almost forget you’re wearing a watch. i had to add a hole to the band to make it fit my small wrist. this band was the easiest i’ve ever had to add a hole to (used kitchen knife). i bought it because it has two retaining hoops (i tend to break the retaining hoops). so even if one breaks, i’ll still be able to use the band with the remaining hoop. replacing the band was easy too! (i was afraid i was going to break something.) they provide instructions and a tool. i’ll buy this one again when it’s time to replace my current band.
i actually think this might be my first review but i am obsessed with this band!! i got the red in 38, and it's gorgeous, well packaged, real leather (passed the smell and feel test).  i just got it so i will update my post if it becomes defective...but at this price, even if it only lasts 6 months it's well worth it (compared to similar bands though apple at $150..crazy!).  i don't see that happening though-it looks and feels to be well-made.  i will be purchasing more very shortly.
love this watch band! i have the light pink and wear it at least 3x/week. very versatile and can be dressed up or down. i find it to be very good quality and so far has held up nicely after 3 months of frequent wear. i also am constantly forgetting to take it off when i step in the shower and so far the water hasn't caused any damage. slight trouble sliding one side of the band into the watch slot, but can always get it in after a couple tries. would highly recommend!
i really like this watch band. the color is great and was super easy to install. it comes with a tool to help, but i didn't need to use it. the quality seems good for the price, and i hope to be able to switch out my bands more often. i loved that there were many customization options to choose from before ordering so it can match my watch screen perfectly. i would recommend this product.
this is a beautiful watch band. i am very happy with the quality of my purchase. it has nice saturate color and is comfortable. my wrists are pretty small though, so i would benefit from this being offered in a shorter size. thanks for a great item! i would order it again.
i really like the way this looks with my watch.  i won't give it 5 stars because the leather is okay.  it's not plastic, but it's not quite that calf soft leather either.  i've only owned it a few months so i can't comment on it's longevity just yet, but so far so good.
i love all of my watch bands - although i would not put my hand in a fire for the authenticity of it being leather band, it sure feels very nice, the look is luxe and it fits my 7 inch wrist nicely. i think i bought almost all the colours and they are all very pretty, bright colours. wish there was light blue as well.
great watch band! people are constantly asking if i bought the official leather band from apple. i've had it for about a month and use it as my non-work-out watch band. only slight issue is that it is more difficult to get the band off than the apple band. i'd rather have difficulty getting the band off than it not being secure.
i received my band and immediately changed it out with the sports band i had been wearing.  the leather is soft and easily fits around my wrist- no stiffness and matches well with the space grey color of my watch. it appears well made with the stitching and appearance. the band doesn't feel hot and sticky to the skin like my sports band was feeling with the warmer weather. the color is a beautiful dark grey which looks great with my apple watch. i will definitely be looking at other colors to order and will recommend it to someone looking for a watch band.
i ordered this product in black back in december, and i've worn it virtually every day since then and it's now may. it holds up very well, looks like i spent good money on it, and it eventually molds to your wrist. it's not hard to put on, and it stays on. there are enough notches to fit several size wrists, as well. i recently ordered it in brown and got it today. i love it just as much as the black. i was worried about the brown not looking good with my rose gold watch, but i think it looks great. i will definitely be ordering this band in other colors in the future.
i normally only buy oem for expensive items, but this band is better than oem. i don't think apple could have done a better job. very happen with the look and feel. this is a top-notch and doesn't hurt the wallet.
best apple watch band on amazon and i've tried a few! i have been recommending it to friends. i've been using it non stop for a few months now and it still looks brand new. i decided to buy it in a few colors.
i bought this because i had the sport bands with the little button and my watch fell off and broke.  got ir repaired and bought a band that won't pop off.  this one is very comfortable, fits well and most importantly stays buckled.  great price, great band.
i looked through a lot of watch bands; i wanted one that was professional, but also cute and something i could wear casually. i also didn’t want something that would be stiff or uncomfortable. this band has been great so far. i ride horses, and i’ve worn this out to the barn. it’s been through farm work, lab work, and professional conferences. it has retained its color, and it has gotten more and more comfortable through more use. i also have very small wrists, and this watch still fits. so that’s a plus too.
so i originally ordered this band because the original "rubber" type band that came with my apple watch caused a rash on my wrist.  i decided to order the fullmosa leather band in black. i was skeptical on if the band would fit because my wrist is slightly on the bigger side. needless to say this band was perfect!!! it's comfortable and i love the fact that  it can be worn with casual wear or i can dress it up. i plan to order another leather band in brown. i'm most definitely a proud buyer.
i am obsessed with emeral green anything. this watch band is great quality and the color hasn’t faded at all. it looks good for work and for the weekend. i love this watch band!
i really like this true mustard colored watch. it’s average length and fits my small wrist fine. it arrived quickly and the price was great. it looks and feels like leather...hope it is. may get another color. thanks!
aesthetically the band is very pleasing- there is not genuine leather stamp, and is vaguely smells like leather but its been processed and does feel on the "cheaper" side. but you get what you pay for. it was about $14.. vs the the $160+ one apple sells- so lower your expectations and enjoy it. color is vibrant red and i really like it. great buy!
love the band connectors. they don't leave a gap between band and watch like all the other bands i've bought. solid connection, quality material, feel awesome. little stuff when first put on. i took off and rolled each band up several times in both direction to loosen the leather and it made a big difference.
this is a quality watchband, and at a good value.  packaging came with a tool to install it but it wasn't needed at all;  it was easy.  i like the fushcia color too, and have had many compliments already in the brief time i've had it.  makes it look unique and not like every other iwatch.  i would recommend this over the mesh-style metal bands, as the mesh-metal one i purchased became frayed over a few months and snagged my clothing, with a couple wire pieces sticking out.
this red is on point and would go with any shade of red. a real nice quality leather band. went great with my red heels and red clutch which are two different color shades as well.
i bought a couple replacement bands for my apple watch.  this one gets compliments all the time.  people are constantly asking me where i got it.  makes it nice to swap out bands depending on your mood, adventure, event, etc.  easy to change them out too.
these leather bands are good for when you want to dress up your look a little moore and steer away from your every day rubber band watch. i got these in blue, yellow and brown leather.  love them all for this price.
i like the ease of changing the strap on my apple watch, very nice shade of british green, good leather. will definitely recommend to others.
this band is great especially for the price compared to the super expensive ones at apple.  i only give it four stars because it is definitely not a high quality leather, not that i was expecting something super nice.  i think it will become softer and loosen up the more i use it.  just nice to have a "dressier" band when i go out.
nice band and easy to change the bands.
great band for a great price! i just recently upgraded to an aw3 in silver aluminum and wanted something with a silver buckle to match. for no particular reason decided on this band and glad i did. very comfortable on the wrist. fits perfect. can’t recommend enough.
i really liked this and am ordering more. fits my apple watch series 3 with no problems and looks nice. i got it in orange and am planning to get more colors. also looks good with the rose gold base.
i have a small wrist and other 42mm is huge on my wrist (preferably the 38mm).  however there's enough holes on the strap that i'm able to wear it.  it's a soft and pretty band.
i usually avoid third party leather bands, but i wanted red for the new series 3 and this looked like a perfect color.  yes, it was.  the band is beautiful, soft and wears well.  i love it!!!
such good quality!!!! i loved it from the start and have not stopped getting compliments since i bought it months ago. it’s great quality, durable, long lasting and overall very nice. loved it
i love my purple band with my purple phone cover!  i'm all matching and whatnot.  seems sturdy, like it will last a while.  very happy with my purchase!
i love this band!  i have been using it daily for 6 months and it still looks like new. it is the perfect shade of grey.
i love this band.  fits my series i watch perfectly, easy to install and beautiful leather.  great purchase.
i have quite a few apple watch bands and this is by far my favorite. it looks very classy and i usually get compliments wearing this band.
this is my second band from them and at this rate i will own all of them. that's how amazing they are.
there were no surprises with this excellent band. the leather has a nice, pillowy feel and is evenly dyed. the fit on my stainless 38mm watch is perfect and the band is comfortable to wear.
leather is a little stiff, but my hope is it will soften with time.  perfect fit, as i would say it is a small/medium rather than a medium/large.
great quality. i was very pleased with this purchase. i bought several of the silicone apple brand bands but wanted a couple of leather ones but not willing to pay the price of the apple leather bands. i’m happy i tried these. got a black one as well.
the band was exactly what i was looking for! fits perfectly. not too think and it fits comfortably on my wrist. very pleased!
great watch band. looks nice and fits comfortably on my wrist. i have it on the 42mm apple watch 3.
looks and feels great not exactly premium feel but very comfortable and it goes well with business casual attire.
much more dressy and work dress appropriate than the silicon band that comes with the watch.  works perfectly.
pros: great band for the price, feels like real leather, looks exactly how it looks in the picture.
shipped in perfect condition. leather band feels very durable.  i decided to attach it to my watch last night and wear it to work today and have already received a few compliments. most definitely will be  purchasing more watch bands throughout the wear of this black one. it gives off a sporty yet classy look.
looks much more expensive than it is.  lot's of complements!  good quality.  lot's of colors to choose from!
i love this color and get a lot of compliments on it. i will definitely order more in different colors.
this band looks great, smells like leather, fits my watch and my wrist very well.  i will buy more when i have the chance. thanks for a great affordable product
i love this watchband! it's soft, has enough holes for a small wrist and goes great with my watch! i've tried others and had to send them back. you won't go wrong with this one.
i liked this watch band. it’s very cute and is a great neutral band; however, it is very discolored after every day use. it’s not extremely noticeable but it is definitely there. i ended up replacing it with a different style band shortly after i ordered it.
for the price it’s a great deal, not sure if it will hold up over time, leather seems cheap. will keep it anyway.
this seemed to be bonded leather and i didn’t think it would hold up but i’ve been wearing it every day with no issues at all for a few months. would buy again.
i got my watch band and have worn it a few times... i love it... the packaging was nice, as well. so i purchased my 4 series 44 watch last month and i plan to have a different band for just about every day or week or month of the year, so with that being said this band should be in my collection for the life of my watch. love my apple watch 💞💞💞
these bands are much better than described and so inexpensive, you should buy them in every color!
love this band - very nice - comfy to wear - and easy to install onto the apple watch - would definitely buy it again.
this is an awesome steal for the price.  the leather is supple and keeps it's finish even after it gets wet!  for the price, a great value and a perfect band for formal / work dress occasions.
edited review...after leaving the initial review, fullmosanreached out to me and replaced the bad band. it’s much better. i get compliments all the time. :)
well made, looks great and fits perfectly. i would definitely buy this again in another color.
it's perfect, love the color and holds up well to day to day life.
i bought red, blue and pink in 42mm and i love them. these watch bands are extremely well made !!!  you will not be disappointed.
super cute and holds up very well! i've changed out the band multiple times and worn it quite a bit and it doesn't have any signs of wear. definitely recommend!
definitely not leather. pretty poorly made in general... but the red's a great color and i've gotten a lot of compliments on it. you're getting what you pay for with this.
love it! get a lot of compliments and it is very sturdy. hasn't stretched or lost any color. i would buy more in different colors
very happy with the navy leather band for my 38 mm apple watch.  looks great with all the denim that i wear, and such a good price!
this band is beautiful. i have gotten so many compliments on it. it looks like it would be relatively expensive but it's at such an incredible price. it fits nicely and it feels good.
the leather on this band holds up really well. i wear it to the gym a lot (now wishing that i hadn’t because it’s really not made for it) but it has yet to be ruined by the exercise or sweat on my wrist while running. obvious signs of wear and tear like any leather band but i really liked the quality especially for what i paid.
when you want to change your bands, this band is flexible with budget. i love how it can match my gold iwatch
love this watch band. it's elegant and sturdy and fits my extra large wrist very well!  i do wish the hardware on the brown leather was gold, but we can't win them all right?
i love the color of this band. it isn't a bright lavender, but a more muted version. it is a little stiff at first, but i am sure that the more i wear it, the more flexible it will become. if this holds up well for a month or so, i am sure i will be buying additional colors that they offer.
love this so much i bought one for my sister! after about a year it starts to show some wear but for the price and color i love it!
i love my band.  it’s well made and looks pretty.  it’s well made.
i ordered several apple watch bands at the same time for different looks and styles. this is by far my favorite.  it comes nicely packaged and the band itself  looks great and feels very sturdy. i just got it yesterday.  i hope it does as well as i think it will with daily use.
the product was delivered in the time period specified in excellent condition.  the band is easy to attach to the watch.  it is sturdy and pretty.
great product and excellent customer service. this band is great, colorful and comfortable. i had some questions and customer service was quick and friendly.
nice leather grain, extremely simple to attach, and the packaging was very high end in appearance.
very nice
i'm very pleased with this band. the leather is soft and doesn't feel cheap at all. the clasp is nice and seems to be sturdy. i'll be purchasing in more colors (i got blue).
good option to more expensive apple watch bands.
the white color is nice and clean looking, but the material is a bit stiff.
great quality band. it’s real leather like stated in the description. looks great
bought this as a set with a leather black one and my husband loves this one. he says it's comfortable and great for when he wants to dress up a bit.
love the band! soft and pliable yet stylish and comfortable! would purchase again.
i love this band. the quality is outstanding and the color is spot on to the image. i've used it while exercising every day, and it stands up great to the sweat and abuse! would definitely recommend.
i love this band!  i got it because the  band that originally came with the watch gets really sweaty.  i am living in florida and wanted a more comfortable band.  i’ve worn it for a day and i love it already.
i really like this band. i got the 38mm red leather. it fits great and looks really sharp on my silver series 1. it's comfortable and feels secure. i'll update if i run into any problems.
love these watch bands. i have them in several colors. would love to get one in a dark purple
beautiful watch band for the price. made very well for my apple watch series 3  42mm,
really nice watch band. seems to be well made. time will tell.
very cute band. definitely not leather but still quality and a great look.
my wrist is small so the band is a little long for my wrist but overall i love the band. definitely worth the money
excellent band. stiff at first but that’s because it’s real leather. easy to chance out. color is true to picture. will be ordering more
this band really brings some class to the apple watch. i have space grey and it looks very sharp.
seems to be great quality. attaches to the watch easily. definitely a great buy!
it’s a nice watch band.  quite a bright red.  i just wish it was a little narrower.
great product, great price! better than i excepted! i will order more!
my fiancee loves his band....looks so classy.
white leather watch band was great for the summer!!
i already have this in black and brown, i love how it feels and the look of it is great!
great band, fits perfect, great appeal!
looks great but it’s stiff and not as comfortable as i would like.
great band for the price. not real leather. has a ‘plastic’ feel to the outside but is still very flexible and comfortable.
i surf and shower with this and have for about a year. just now starting to show signs of wear
perfect color match, size and material
beautiful all i can say
love this new band for my iwatch 3!
great leather band just did not like how restricting it felt around my wrist.
loved them! high quality and fit a small wrist!
great quality for the price. the band is very soft and comfortable!
its amazing loved it
descent product thus far
love this band, nice quality and comfortable.  i have the navy, will probably get more colors.
very nice looking watch band, i got a lot of compliments from it. bear in mind that it is not very genuine leather, i don't really know what it is but it is not very smooth.
very good replacement for my apple watch
love the color and fit
great looking, great quality for a great price!
best bands ever, they look and feel expensive
confortable as expected, fitting perfectly nice packaging
i have purchased several of these particular bands for my apple watch and all are durable and wear well.
this is a great band! hip color selection. it fit my tiny wrist perfectly. that’s always my concern. not a problem!
very easy to attach. nice color. lots of compliments. affordable price so that i can own multiple colors.
i love this watch band. the grey is gorgeous and i love that it looks 'dressier' than the sport bands. i've worn it every day for several months and it's very comfortable and durable. definitely would purchase again!
amazing quality! perfect color!
just as pictured and quality of band is as expected for the price.
i like this band for its color and texture. but after few months of usage, the color is fading off on the strap
i love it!  bought two. they have more holes for a snug fit. may order different colors.
great leather band
these are really good bands.  beats the heck out of the price apple wants...plus the quality seems just as comparable.
very amazing! can't believe that.
i like that this band was inexpensive and doesn’t pinch—the reason i replaced the metal factory band—but there is quite a bit of wear and tear a couple months in. the connections are not a perfect fit so they wobble a little bit and are prone to “gunk” building up.
the band slipped right into place no proble. it looks and feels incredible. i have a small wrist and was concerned about the fit. it is on the last hole but the two  slides hold the excess well into place. i will definitely be purchasing another one in a different color.
i bought my watch with the milanese loop, it is nice to look at, but slips with the slightest bend of your wrist - constantly tightening it.  with this one, watch stays in place.  i like the color.  i don't particularly care for the 2 strap restraints, they should be secured to their side of the band.  it is a hassle to move them when you are secured into the band.
great quality.
quality is great, especially for the price.  however, the band is more of a salmon color than the light pink that appears on my screen.  still nice, but not quite the color i was looking for.
band broke
very nice, i love it.
great watchband lasts size adjustment is a little in between but the bracelet has held up well
i really like this watch band. it is sturdy and works perfectly for me. it is definitely a good buy for the price.
love it! very comfortable and stylish!
love it!  quality is great and comfortable!
cute band.  true to color.  fits my apple watch perfectly.  looks nice and fits securely.
easy to put on/take off. nice leather and has held up so far. would definitely recommend.
very soft leather, great quality
i got two watch bands in different colors.  both are comfortable and have a rich feel.  easy to interchange.
i just received it today! it looks amazing!
i love this band!!! it's comfortable, fits my small wrist, was well packaged, and my watch feels very secure!!! i am ordering more colors!!!!
this band fits perfectly and gives my watch an exquisite new look! the price was 50% cheaper than the apple store also!
pretty
good quality - this was a good purchase. i’ll buy this brand again.
makes it work for work
looks great and easy to attach to my apple watch. love having a leather band option.
amazing, really looks great and works perfectly fine.
best quality of any leather band of the 15 i have bought on amazon.
bought this for a co worker that wanted to match her new red phone.. loved it and easy to install!
good quality and looks great. i switch up bands a lot and this one is easy to take off and looks good with most everything.
super cute and fun color. looks 10xs better than the pink sand apple band
beautiful!  just as described!
great band, worn it everyday for the past two weeks. noticing signs of wear already. hopefully it'll last me awhile.
very nice band. i will be purchasing more
love this leather band! comfy, great color, no bleeding.  very nice product, thanks
love, love, love this red leath band.  very bright, clear red color.  fantastic!
i bought this for my son and he loves it. a little bigger then he needed, but it's good quality. i'm not sure it's leather, as i don't see any "genuine leather" stamps but for the price, who cares!
the band feels much higher quality than expected. i would highly reccomend this in the future for anyone. had no problems with it fitting my phone or my wrist! great buy. would highly reccomend.
beautiful fuschia pink! love my new addition to my apple watch band collection.
i was surprised.  pretty darn nice.  very happy with the band.  i have already ordered additional colors.
really nice, high quality watchband.  excellent price as well.
product seems like great quality. great packaging and  tool to assemble the product was included. received on time
i absolutely love this band. very comfortable and very pretty. looks great as a casual band  but also as a dressy one too. was delivered very quickly.
great leather, fits perfect, very comfortable
great band. color is great. feel is good. good product..
nice material. smooth and clean. really love it! will probably order another color.
my wife loves this band -- good quality no issues at all after many months of use.
it's beautiful
great fit and easy to use
this is a great band!! a nice, heavy leather. a really good deal for the price and arrived on time
this is the second band that i have gotten from fullmosa. i am very impressed with the quality! over all a great product. after a little bit of wear, the color does begin to chip off but at this price you can always order another one!
great fit and value for the low price.
beautiful & good quality, looks amazing on my apple watch. highly recommend!
fit and quality - swell
so comfortable and expensive looking. i’m going to buy more in different colors.
seems nice, leather is very stiff hoping it will soften over time, nice packaging, color isn’t true brown more auburn and red tones, overall not bad for price.
i was impressed by the quality of the band and how inexpensive it was! will buy more.
i get so many compliments on my band. people always ask me if i bought it in the apple store which are regularly 35-50 bucks... i bought this gem for a bargain. it wears great also!
very good leather strap, i love it.
love this watch band. i bought 4 colors & they look sharp & are very easy to change. only takes a min or 2. highly recommend.
very good
i bought the red color and wear it to work a lot . i’ve received many compliments and people ask me where i bought it from all the time.
very nice product! i've worn daily for weeks no issues so far.
for the price it’s made well and fits well. i’ll buy it again in a different color.
the brown is a tad lighter/orange than what is pictured so it reminds me of a basketball, but other than that no complaints for me! it fits great and is durable. i’ll be buying the black one next!
love it!! i have pretty big wrists and it fits good. kinda hard to slide on.
perfect fit
it looked great and worked great for two days, then fell apart!!
strap is great. durable than i earlier thought. texture & color is nice.
the band is exactly what i wanted! super comfortable and perfect fit! will definitely order more colors!
i like the color even more than as it appears in the pictures. great quality (especially for the cost). very pleased.
fits well and good quality!
awesome quality band and goes on very easily. looks great and professional enough for work.
my boyfriend loved this "just because" gift! fits perfectly
a little still. but it looks good and functions well
great color. wonderful leather with flexibility for fitting arm. fraction of cost from apple. love it!
absolutely love this watch band. i have 3 other bands and this is my favorite. i can dress it up or wear it casual. and it's lasted without any wear and tear or fading.
i like the band, it looks great and it’s comfortable my only critique would be it’s hard to put on because it doesn’t easily go into the hole
nice band
love! love! love! this is an amazing product & clips into the apple watch fine.
it's a quality piece, and looks really nice! i don't know if i recommend getting a pink band with a rose gold watch just because it's slightly off in color, but overall this is a great band. definitely would purchase again.
five stars across the board! i’ve had my bad for a year and i’m still rocking it!!
it looks better than i thought, it is really well constructed, well presented for a good price. definitely will be buying from this seller again.
pretty band. nice quality. i thought it would be a little pinker but no big deal. happy with the product.
nice band fits great!! love this companies customer service
nice and stylish
just as described.  haven't used for long so don't know about leather/dye wear yet.
i was looking for a classic black leather watch band for my apple watch and that’s exactly what i got. the leather is nice and it fits perfectly.
my favorite watch band.
i love the leather band. i like the white, i also have the black band. they are great quality! a crisp clean look and a great fit!  will definitely continue to buy more.
very nice, recomended
bought it as a gift, then bought one for myself! good quality!
fits great, high quality, love the durability.
matches a lot of outfits,) looks great with rose gold edition. one of my go to bands. only complaint not very old a month or two and already had wear & tare
product is great, the leather is classy looking and fits perfectly on the watch.
its good
great product for the price.
quality product for a reasonable price! purchased in both black and brown. love them!
i have a tiny wrist and was afraid the 45 it would be too large for me, but it works just fine!
beautiful blue like it very much
my new daily band that goes with everything i wear! good quality. i’m going to buy more colors soon.
the band does its job. the color was perfect. no issues with it falling off or anything
looks just like the picture and fits great!
love it! perfect fit
exactly what the description stated
i paid the same price for a different band and it came in a little plastic bag. this came in a nice little box with a tool to make switching it much easier. a little more pink then i expected but i like it :)
love this band it add flavor to m iwatch
perfect!
great watch band with one exception, it was too large have to put in last hole on band.
haven't worn it yet but it's very pretty.
beautiful and i love the watch band! im wearing it right now!
great product
my son has a small wrist (6”). i was concerned that the 42mm band would be too long so i ordered he 38mm band. it totally fits his 42mm apple watch. slides in and out very easily and looks great.
soft pliable leather looks nice
beautiful and well made watch band. i love it. i love the blue color
high quality. i really like this band. good packaging
excellent quality.  great value
great fit. good quality. fast shipping.
i purchased the orange band and the color is amazing i'm not too sure if it is genuine leather but it looks amazing but the one thing to watch out for is cleaning it i cleaned it with a. alcohol swab and it left the swap orange so the dye comes off a bit so if you have to clean it then i suggest using water and a cloth
great quality and looks really nice with my colored cases
i love this band because it gives me options with my watch!  i don't like the same band every week plus it is nice to be able to match my band to my outfit!
these bands fit my apple watch 3 so well, i have ordered 3 of them in different colors.
nice leather bands, reasonable priced.
quality is great! can't beat the price.
supple.
ok quality
fits well and looks nice. definitely looks like it's a lot more expensive than the price.
nice watch band looks great good price
great watch band. i love it. great for the price--and it looks amazing.
as advertised
brought the grey band for my apple watch 3. sorta clashes with my black apple watch so i got a case to go around it to march
i love this product and would recommend it to everyone.
love the leather band with the latch closure. it is comfortable and doesn’t stick when you sweat. thank you.
this band feels comfortable and it's beautiful! the color is exactly what i wanted. as soon as i got this one and tried it on i fell in love so just ordered the teal too. highly recommend this band. i might just get every color.
this apple watch strap is very impressive in looks, design, quality and packaging. it looks like a product made by apple and i mean that as a compliment. i ended up buying three different colors. and the price is a bonus.
so far i would recommend
love this gray leather band. can’t wait to buy more colors
surprisingly well made. fits perfectly with the watch, equal to anything apple provided me.
excelent quality.
it matches my new purse perfectly 😍
use this one daily. love it
this band is what i expected.  a good change from my sports band.
i purchased a refurbished gold apple watch series 2 for my wife and it came with a concrete colored sports band. while it looked ok with it, i knew she needed something else to class up the watch because she wears it for work. what a nice looking band. the white perfectly compliments the gold and the silver buckle gives it that 2 toned feel. looks much more elegant then with the sport band. the leather is really soft for a nice comfortable fit. plus, the price compared to what apple charges is reasonable.
bought this for my son's iwatch and he is very happy with the looks and quality
love can’t believe how much bang your get for your buck with this one. it’s cute, it’s excellent quality and comfortable. love it!
love it
love all of my i watch bands  whatever color i have on i match my band with and it looks fabulous. the colors are great and they fit well on my wrist.
my girlfriend love it
well made.  good fit!  looks expensive but is not
an amazing 3rd party option over apple wristbands. very cheap , but great quality. highly recommend to anyone looking for more wristbands to use on their watch.
purchased this item for my daughter for christmas, she was excited to get some other colors for her watch.  thank you.
love it
really excellent leather band for the price. more comfortable than plastic.
fit on my watch perfectly. love the look.
liked most of them
great leather band for the price. at that price point, you can have multiple colors to go with wardrobe. very comfortable right out of the box.
item arrived quickly and as described.
love it!
great, really like it. only thing is the strap sometimes irritates the inside of my wrist.
wasn’t sure what i would get for this price, but i am impressed by this band. the finish is good, the buckle is nice, and the color match (i’ve got a gold watch face) is pretty good. wish they made more colors to match with the gold face!
gave as a xmas gift to my son.  he loved it!  nice quality and color.
love it !! very good quality !! looks like the leather in my car !! gray is nice shade
i like it a lot, very comfortable!
such a great watch band. it's quality leather, super fashionable, and is comfortable! it makes my watch look good.
very good! recommend
love the quality and color - it is the exact shade of brown that i was looking for.  the metal ends slide easily into the watch head (unlike other bands where there's a little back-and-forth to get it to snap in).  great product - highly recommend!
you know you have something good when you are able to see and feel quality on the bottom side of the band.
amazing band, love it, fast delivery
ordered more of the major colors
the band is really nice, but not quite up to apple standards.  with that said i'm really please with my purchase.
great fit (42mm) great feel. i love this band! highly recommend!!
love these bands... decent price...will be ordering more. i wear this one about 2-3 times a week.
awesome
great band. i plan to order more
top quality and looks great
love this!
cheap quality but it works!
you get exactly what you see.  easy to install and a great looking product.
feels good. looks great with anything.
love it.  wearing it right now.
just as pictured! love this band!
love the bands.  great for a gift
great buy!!
band does not slide in or out easily. rubber protruding from insert.
great quality, but overall great look and feel of this band. by far one of my favorites. pair this with a clear thin screen cover and you've got yourself a daily protected and elegant looking look to your apple watch. highly recommend.
durable and pretty.
great!
very nice band  looks good and is comfortable to wear.
good quality
love how sturdy this band is!! and it looks so much nicer (and expensive) in person. i get compliments on the band all the time and they’re always shocked when i direct them to amazon!
a little stiff but really good for the price.
great bands for the money. 7 months in still looks great.
great product
nice quality, doesn't look cheap at all.
i love it
nice band
beautiful, thanks
love it.
great band
excellent product
great band for price. looks nice with my watch. i would order again
got this as a gift. my sister loved it. will definitely purchase one for myself when i get the chance.
this is an awesome band. i didn't think it would work with my iwatch but i was wrong. i brought it because i work in a warehouse i wanted something that wouldn't break easy or get dirty too fast. very easy to remove & put back on without any issues so fat.
it is well made, but a bit feminine in my opinion. it might be due to the buckle that they used. i gave it to my wife.
great quality bad for an apple watch
nice band
this band is very durable and stylist
love it!  it is a gorgeous leather band.  love the color too.  it's a classy, subtle green.
love the material and it even came with a small tool for adjustments
got the bands very quickly and they are exactly what i wanted and what i was looking for. slipped right in to the watch and boom, great quality! i will be buying more colors!
beautiful, comfortable, excellent for the price!!  i love it!!
really great quality! looks just like the photo . i would totally buy it again in a diff color.
beautiful leather and vibrant color! i’ve gotten lots of compliments with this watch and.
this is beautiful band!
i was looking for a more professional watch band for my apple watch and i love this one! it looks and fits great!
looks really good, really good quality!!
very good quality with low price. the customer support is excellent when contacted for band size replacement.
bracelet is nice but i was expecting a leather strap. there is a cheap factor when touching the strap.
band is great, but it does slip out of the supports after buckling.
nice band. no noted problems so far. i will probably purchase another color soon.
band fits well and is a great color.  only thing i'm not a fan of is the clasp..it's hard sometimes to get the clasp peg into the leather band hole but maybe it will break in over time and become easier.  would order in more colors.
great quality & attractive.
great watch band. very comfortable. easy to switch out. perfect for everyday wear.
buen artículo ... me gusto
love this watch band. it's inexpensive but doesn't look cheap. i have bought three colors and all are great.
very cute and stylish. adds a bit a flair to your outfit while allowing you to still wear your apple watch and keep track of your fitness.
i really enjoy this band. i need to look into getting a few more colors.
love it
fits good.
fits well!
great addition to my watch. love the bands
good product. leather feels a little cheap. but it looks exactly like the pictures item.
very soft leather, love the band!
looks great!
quality! i purchased this along with a computer and phone case..... absolutely worth it!
love it.  wear it almost daily.
beautiful watchband! like the pattern.nice packaging
great band.  looks sharp.  comes with needless extra tool.
good quality. fits well on apple watch 2.
i wear this band everyday and love it
love the material & the price ( cheap) too...
i have purchased both the brown and the black fullmosa straps. both are of good quality for the price and the colors allow for pairing with most of my dress shoes and boots. i would definitely purchase again and am looking on adding the blue band to my growing collection.
i get many compliments
beautiful color!!
it’s a great item. it last ling. worth your money.
great quality for the cost. i will definitely be ordering more colors. i currently have it in white.
good quality watch band.
i ordered a few watch bands at the same time, and i hardly switch any of them out anymore now that i have this one. it looks nice, and is also great quality!
love it
really love the white and use it all the time
quality comparable to price.
love the fit and feel on my skin
fits perfectly on my series 2 watch and looks great.
it looks just like the photo. like it. nice to be able to switch the band to a different color.
awesome quality. just as nice as the ones apple sales but way less
i’ve band fit about a month. the pink is wearing off. but i’ve also worn it everyday all day. even to work! would purchase again, maybe a darker color.
beautiful color!
very nice band! i've been wearing it for over a month and it's still going strong! super comfy after you kinda break it in. definitely recommend buying!
i really like this band.  it has a real quality feel to it and is soft and flexible.
could've been longer
love it! feels great on wrist. wear it everyday
color as shown in the photo; comfortable and fairly easy to buckle/unbuckle.  only issue is that the color is wearing off on the edges of the strap bands, but it is barely noticeable.
i love this. i have very small wrist and it fits great. glad it has two bans to hold the strap. cause i have it on the last whole. i have bought about 4or5 different bans and this one is my favorite. i will be ordering the black one for work.
i really like my new band. looks great, fits well and it’s very comfortable. i definitely recommend this product
product was exactly how the picture presented it to be. leather feels great on your wrist. an excellent product that should get more reviews.
really great! soft leather, cool color and fits the apple watch with ease!
thanksa++++
muy buena calidad, incluye una herramienta por si es necesario agregar agujero. estoy muy satisfecho con la compra.
love it!
this leather band is top quality. very well designed and comfortable. i loved it so much that i ordered additional colors as well. definitely worth the money
very good quality leather very impressed for price. will recommend .
love it!
pleased with quality
beautiful!  great quality
loved it.
this watch band was amazing, the quality and color matched perfectly with my stainless steel watch ! people ask where i got it all the time. thanks fullmosa. keep it up
enjoying my watch band! so comfortable and easy to put on my iwatch. i really like that it compliments any clothing. i have received quite a few compliments! i bought the brown color and totally love it.
the wrist bands work perfect for me! they look very professional and they are also very comfortable. i am in the process of ordering different colors.
love it, keeps it looking classy.
got this as a gift for my father i law. he was very happy with it. quality is very good. decently recommen it
good quality apple watch band, one of the more decent ones out there! would recommend this product to other apple watch users.
for the price, you can't beat this band. it's held up very well and looks a little more dressy than the silicone bands.
shipped fast and looks great on. i will be ordering more colors.
love my red band. fits well. great quality. would recommend it.
love the band , it doesnt look cheap and it fits my small wrist !!! i now own 3 of them
love the product so far but be warned...this product is manufactured in china. the name of the company fullmosa usa is deceiving!
new look for my i watch, but love the different look i can wear.
love it! great red!
fits perfect. great quality.
looks just as good as the expensive bands from the apple store!  i plan to purchase every color.
great quality, highly recommend
boyfriend loved it!
love the strap for my apple watch especially the color (teal). also love the texture of the strap. plan on buying several colors since the price is right.
beautiful soft skin. love it! can't beat the price.
love this band. elegant looking and elegant price. very happy with this product. will be buying more colors.
this band needs a little break in time. it's not very flexible and actually hurts your wrist at first but softens with wear.
i love the band.  for the price, you can't beat it. you honestly can't even tell it isn't from apple or some other high-end company.  it has great color and feels nice also.
excelente producto, muy buena calidad, 100% recomendado
i will be re-purchasing in more colors. for the price, it is a great option! i wear this band more then the apple/nike band. it is my favorite and very comfortable.
strap looks premium and accommodate to the hand almost immediately. not stiff and worth the value i paid for it.
it's good,love it so much,high quality.
great band for the price. plenty of holes to adjust the size to fit most any wrist. easy to attache to your watch face. overall very satified.
i purchased this band as a gift for my boyfriend and he loves it. looks just like the picture and was good quality for such a low price. would purchase again.
i love it. came in 2 days.
great quality, fun colors, will definitely be buying more :)
nice band
i love my new red watch band. the color was just as i expected. nice leather.
love my watch band!! i will definitely be buying more colors!!
don’t waste your time with any other band. best priced and such quality. you would pay $48 for this at best best.
good wuality
no problem with the package. no problem with the band itself. soft, beautiful, and matches perfectly with the watch itself. it's a good fit my wrist. would recommend this to my friends. :)
it was delivered on time for christmas and it was a christmas gift. they love the band very much they were very happy thank you for being so prompt with delivery
okay product, only problem are the rings that hold the watch’s strap. i always seems to slip.
excellent leather, just perfect for my apple watch series 2.
nice band
perfect!
thank you, the item looks great, fast shipping.
i love this band. cheap. functional. beautiful. i am getting one for my husband as well.
i love the band itself, but the color is rubbing off of it now.  i am ordering another however as it is comfortable and fits well.
perfect band to swap out on the apple watch. comfortable. easy to switch out. a+++
i love this band. it's great quality leather and it looks great.
i have one in every color almost  love them
nice band
beautiful band. fits great.
it! looks really amazing on my husbands iwatch, i totally love it!
this band fits better than an apple band and comes in a lot of different colors
this is a very nice band and fit perfectly.  i have a small wrist and thought it might be too large but was pleasantly surprised.
love my new band!! looks nice.
great quality
very nice band for the price-no issues at all! saving up for more bands and i will review then!!
looks great but the leather feels cheap. guess that's expected given the price point lol
awesome watch band! i love the variety of watch bands for the pricing, the quality is superb!
i love it. will definitely buy more.
great quality!  very impressed!  top of the line packaging too!
attaches to watch very easy.  nice color
the band is well made and the color is great!  so far it has held up well.
live my band, this is my second color
i like my band & it came in fast.
love this band!
great quality. absolutely love the way it makes my watch look
good band. easy install and has been holding up well.
fits really good and good quality
great quality. love be the color and fit. i will be ordering more.
classy but durable, looks great!
super cute. love it
fits perfectly on the iwatch
this strap has held up pretty well. i'd definitely purchase another one.
it’s simple and to the point. has it disappointed me yet.
i wanted an everyday basic black band to wear with my new apple watch. this is perfect!
best band really, authentic and feels very comfortable, the blue color is unbeatable.
i love the color. i have the gold apple watch and it still complements it!
good
it seems to be of good quality. i have enjoyed wearing this band so far.
simply awesome !!!
the band looks great and fits my watch perfectly. i'm planning to buy additional colors at this great price!
they are watch bands and work like watch bands. pleased
very pretty color - pinkish mauve! fit watch perfectly.
super nice strap,fair quality and easy to install
great band beautiful orange goes nice in summer time
durable quality leather. makes my watch look more refined. not heavy, or cumbersome. all in all, it was a great buy. i love it!
great for everyday wear. durable and well made. would buy more in different colors.
was gift to my boyfriend and absolutely loved it.
the band is awesome it feels nice not cheap or anything. really easy to put on watch and it’s comfortable to wear as well.
i wish that the color of the metal on the clasp (silver) matched the color of the metal on the buckle (gold).
awesome
certain impact will cause spring loaded band retainers to pop open, easy to pop back in. pleather materials holding up well thus far.
it was a great birthday present.
i have these in white, red, grey and pale rose... love them
the red is true to color. great quality.
great watch band! love it. exactly how it's pictured. i have the brown one.
it looks just like in the picture. the material seems really good .
great quality brand. matches the rose gold watch exactly.
very comfortable and looks great!
great band!
awesome color. awesome fit. beautiful band.
very well made.
looks and fits great.
very happy with the product
love the color. easy v to install. good price too.
love the look and style
this is a great watch band. good quality leather, comfortable and a beautiful color
great color and good quality.
great color, nice quality. loved the careful packing with instructions and tool!
the colour. very white 🤣
just as advertised. great quality.
good
good
perfect!  great addition to my iwatch!
looks good! i recommend this!
good quality fits well great price
awesome!
nice band!
nice band.  fits well
perfect
not a day goes by that i don’t receive compliments on my green watchband.i absolutely love it!
it works great!
el producto es muy bueno , lo uso para cambiar de estilo a mi apple watch
came on time looks good i like who it feels love the color
i love these bands, very comfortable, easy to put on your watch. i will and have recommended to get these bands.
very nice product!
amazing product! love the color and quality!
great feel and look.
great quality!!!
the material is very comfortable and the silver is a nice touch.
nicely packaged. love the color. goes well with the rose face.
great band... i was floored when i was at the apple store and they tried showing me additional bands... leather bands starting at $150.
love the interchangeability of the band.
looks sharp on a space grey watch!
i like the variety of colors. the blue is my favorite band. i would prefer the lavender if it were a little brighter.
the watch strap is very easy to install, purchase recommendation!
great band
the apple watch band is exactly as described,would buy from aain
very nice
this pebbled leather watch band is very soft and looks great!  better thank expected!
great product!
arrived on time and it’s very cute.
excellent quality!!!
beautiful!
great
love my watch band!  perfect for summer!
very satisfied with my purchase. fits apple watch perfectly！！
get tons of compliments!
will definitely be buying more colors from here!
love these bands!  great quality and price!  thank you!
great watch band - fits perfectly! high quality, good feel, great buy!
the bands are great!  fit my small wrist well and look great on.
the color is perfect!
this band looks so rich it has become one of my favorites you will not regret this purchase hurry while supplies last. i wear it to church, work and out for a casual night.
the leather band is beautiful and high quality for price.
only had for a few days but so far so good ! looks great !
i am very happy with this product,need a second one!!!!
i was pleasantly surprised by both the quality of the packaging and the product. i have one other 3rd party band and don't really love it so wasn't expecting too much. just put it on today so not sure how it wears with time but the feel of the material is impressive and the silver connections blend well with my rose gold watch.
soft leather, came just as pictured! fits great and feels great! has a very nice look, i’m pleased with this band!
great quality, especially for the price!
great product exactly what i expected! very fashionable and classy at same time!
i like the price and the look of the band and it fits perfectly.
thin, but durable and comfortable. also looks very nice
the quality of the item i not what i expected. would order again.
very nice band about the quality,i am wearing it now
top leather,this band came as expected with no problems.
overall i'm pleased with this band. decent quality and works well when i need to dress my watch up a bit.
love the color
looks great on my apple watch!
great bands.
very nice
its a very nice substitute to the expensive red leather band at the apple store.
thanks
great quality at a fraction of the apple store prices
looked like a nice band but the pink runs very peach. i returned mine.
love it more than my $120 leather strap from apple
band was very nice happy with my purchase
every day use, but can be dressy
great for the price.  leather looks real!
great bands. i purchased several colors and i love them all.
great for a change to dress it up.
awesome wristband is awesome
love the band flexibility
this band works great.  my dad loved it..
my favorite band literally.
fits and very nice product
a+++
great product
love the red watch band.
great product.
it worked out great
awesome quality.
very pleased with this band! gotten so many compliments!
comfortable and stylish!
love this band!
excellent quality 😊
great leather band ,color is on point as well.
great product at a great price.  it's a nice way to dress up the apple watch.
i love them!  why them?  because i a few colors!  i just need to put them to the test.
good prodcut for the price. love it
looks good on and feels comfortable.
super cute! goes with everything.
my husband loves it. it looks really nice
watch band is beautiful!  love it!
amazing quality
love it  , the shipping was fast and the quality was very good. thank you.
the band is exactly what i requested! looks great.
great band for the price. i've owned my watch for two years now and just now decided to change the band from the sport band it comes with. its nice looking. not ultra luxurious for $14. but better than you probably would imagine. i purchased the brown. however, the reason i never purchased any additional bands is in order to get an accurate heart rate reading, which leads to a more accurate calorie burn reading the watch has to be super sung to your wrist. i'm pretty small and even with this band on the last notch its not tight enough. but with the ease of being able to change the bands i switch it out when i'm going somewhere nice. if you are a pretty casual person or have a larger wrist this would work nice for you.
came in exactly like the pic! loved i️t!
muy bueno, excelente calidad.
i love this band. it is lasting longer than the mesh one.
very classy band
great price and fits apple watch well.
great watchband - love it
excellent!!
got this for my daughter, she says it's great!!!
it was a christmas present and she loved it.  she said it was very easy to put on her apple watch, and loved the way it looked.
this watch band looks like an expensive leather band.  it's easy to put on your apple watch.  i love it.
very nice band. the leather is soft and supple. i will be ordering more colors!
excellent
fullmosa makes a great apple watch band, and their customer service is outstanding!
love it
nice band for the money
the color is exactly what is shown in the picture! it's so comfortable!!! i love this band!
fit perfectly on my iwatch 2. looks just as pictured and it has not worn out.
i love it.
this band is very rich looking and easy to  wear. like it very much.
nice
nice quality. true to it’s color online
enjoying my new band
great band and very well structured-a must have!
i have been very impressed with this band. i switch bands often between work and recreation and this band has held up well.
i’m enjoying my band
looks amazing. feels great. love it
i bought the yellow and black bands and i couldn't be happier. fit perfectly. great quality.
love it
very nice so far no complaints.
love it everything is perfect. love that everything is the right color. the right fit. very nice materials.
this band was perfect for what i was looking for. high quality band and very stylish. i would definitely recommend purchasing it.
perfect!
it's good for me.
it’s a great product
my wife loved this band!
great product, according with  description
the band is great!!
i highly recommend the fullmosa red apple watch band.  i'm sorry that it took me so long to buy it.
looks really nice and is high quality
nice product! fast shipping!!🙂
perfectly fits with my watch, decent packing, fine quality material, eye catching look. i love it.
it arrived faster then said and it was exactly what i expected. i didn't give it a 5 because the band is a little shorter then what i wanted, but overall nice band
great apple watch band and great looking!
very nice watch band
loved it
good items
great quality. impressed.
i love my band
nice
i wear this every day and i love it. arrived quickly.
loved all aspects of this particular band.
absolutely loved it.  i now will be purchasing other colors from the seller.
great quality!!! worth every penny! looks amazing
like it
exactly what i expected.
well worth buying. i wear it everyday. no complaints, i will probably buy again if this one wears out.
nice color. great price. quality piece.
great quality, works perfectly
great value for that price! my son loves it.
looks charming. very good price too.
nice i received it thanks
the watch band looks very nice and seems to be of great quality.  i really appreciate the fact that the tool to change it was included.
love it. looks so cute with my gold watch. very worth the price.
great band, exactly as described, thank you!
nice quality, holds well
sexy shhhiiidd to match my iphone cases
it's good.
i like the color and the fit!
very thick and durable band. would by from this seller again!
fit perfectly i love it
really nice look and good quality
very pretty and comfortable.
great quality and look.
great product !!!!!
i love this band.
great buy
excellent value.  looks great and easy to 'install' and wear.
looks great!
love it exactly what i was looking for
fantastic band! good material fast shipping
love the band for my watch. very stylish.
great fit and quality.
good quality and gorgeous color. will more colors.
everything as expected. love the look of it with my watch.
perfect!  great price!
love the bands.  work great with  my watch!
i was weary of buy-in a non apple product, but this worked beautifully. its comfortable, it is sturdy, and it looks great
good exactly as described and was packaged great!
great band, and very good quality. i recommend it to anyone looking for a cheap alternative to apples bands.
pretty red color and good quality band!
love it. thanks. and super fast shipping!
muy buenas
awesome watch band  fit perfect
i love this product it’s so nice!
nice band. good quality.
the leather is good and it fits perfect
love my new band . very smart looking and not costly .
bright vibrant red, just what i wanted!!
this band color and the overall quality of the product complements my watch just perfect!!
cute.
great band , good material my wife loves it
beautiful and good quality material
thumbs up
awesome product
love my watch
love this band!
good quality for the price. love the color!
love the color. good band, great price!
love it
item just as described! i love it!
really like the feel and the ease of replacing them
i love it
absolutely love the band, it is beautiful!
loved this strap!
i got this for my bestie and he loves it! this adds versatility to dress up the watch.
soft material. very comfortable
good quality and fast shipping!
nice strap
exactly like pictured! great band for the price
great band, good quality, lots of compliments.
fit great good quality
i love it!
love no to get a brown one!
awesome watch band!
very pleased with quality and color !
is nice
it's perfect
looks and fits great!!
as advertised. couldn't ask for anything more.
great band
very attractive and high grade leather
i love the color and the band!
fast delivery  no problems 👍🏻
great color!
exactly what i was expecting. works great!
great quality watch band!
great
worked great. good price
all good
love it! beautiful color and fairly priced.
looks great  and feels like a good quality
beautiful design
excellent
love it!!
i love it!❤️
fits great, exactly what i expected
great material and very comfortable.
excellent
my wife love it
good quality
i love it!!!
great quality
what i expected.
very nice quality, fits the watch perfectly!
exactly as promised
works great
love it
freaky fast delivery and awesome product! super impressed
good
perfect. i like it
he loved it
thank you! i
great watch band.
cheap good quality,i want buy it again.
the color is a "true red", exactly what i was looking for.  the fit is very comfortable. it is a good quality leather band at a very reasonable price.  fullmosa customer service was wonderful to work with, especially agent peggy.  when i notified them that i had accidentally ordered the wrong size band, they offered to credit my account with 1/2 the return shipping cost when i ordered the correct size.  i will definitely purchase other products from fullmosa in the future!
this is my favorite summer band!  it matches my red leather purse perfectly.
love the band and the color.
aa
i ordered the pink band. i like it. it fits great and is very comfortable. i am very satisfied with the band. i'm considering ordering the blue one. it states i can get 10% off a second purchase, however for some reason it doesn't show in my orders that i ordered it?
this watch strap is gorgeous and high quality! fits my small wrist perfectly and love the bright red color. very happy with this purchase and highly recommend!
great band. cute and well made. easy to attach.
love it
good quality band - great price!
perfect for a nice night out or a fancy outfit. easy way to dress up your apple watch!
awesome price. it was exactly what i thought i ordered. great product, great value.
great quality ! well pleased with the watchband
great fit! i'm gonna order the red now next. i love the classic look it gives and my wife has order one as well.
i am very pleased with the service and my watchband was just what it was suppose to be
i got this band as a gift a couple months ago and love it! it's inexpensive, it looks great and feels great on the wrist. have been very happy with it
this band is definitely a great purchase! it's well worth the price for the quality. as others have said, it is very comfortable and i almost forget i'm wearing it. the metal is shiny silver, shinier than the watch itself, but adds class. i have small/medium wrists and wear in comfortably in the middle, so men with smaller wrists may be able to use this, but it seems to work best for women. great band, good quality, awesome price! may buy again in the future!
this band is so cute. comes in a pretty box and appears to be of good quality material. it fits perfectly on my 42mm apple watch and goes well with my apple silicone iphone 7 plus case. very pleased.
i love this apple watch band.  omg  i have ordered this in three other colors the quality is excellent, great feel, i had no problem putting it on, no problem taking it off, plenty of room to adjust the band if you have a small or large wrist.  i plan on getting every color possible.  you will not be disappointed.  can dress it up or dress down
well made and very stylish 👌🏾👍🏽 comfortable too! easy install! a++++ purchase!
i bought this because the rubber ones i had ordered would get super sweaty... ummm just now wearing it for the first time and shall see... from the material i can tell that won’t be a problem! i love how bright it is. it also almost matches my purse!  (i may order a couple of different colors more!)
it will do the job. i like it! size is perfect on my small wrist. it's cheap but worth it.
so far looks great and easy to put on my watch! it seems so far to be made of good quality! looking to purchase more color's!!!
for the price, i wasn't sure what i'd get, but i thought i'd take the chance. my wrist is 6.5", and i'm in the 4th hole, leaving 5 additional holes for bigger wrists. also nice are the two sturdy bands to keep the strap from flapping around and the watch from falling off. take the risk. buy it.
great product.  there is no way i'm spending $200 plus in the apple store when i can get a similar quality and feel on amazon for a fraction of the cost.  i haven't worn the band too much but so far it has held up and is comfortable.
this band is baller.  it fits the apple watch series 1 without any issues and looks super amazing.  i use this band both in professional and casual environments.  you can't beat the price and so far after a little over a week of usage it has held up really well.  the clasps are well made and i don't see this giving any issues in the future.  it's also pretty comfortable to wear, definitely worthwhile.
for the price of this product i was a bit unsure of the quality but i ordered anyway. arrived today and i am very impressed and happy with this product. i have very small wrists and this fits perfectly and is both comfortable and stylish. it is a tanish brown color, and smells of genuine leather, at least the top layer is. it is soft and mailable enough to wrap comfortably and nicely around your wrist. i was also concerned with my watch being black and the metal parts being silver on the straps but it is hardly noticeable.  i am definitely ordering more colors.
this band is a great quality leather, perfect fit for my apple watch ⌚️. i wear it everyday and have not seen any signs of cracking in the color which is pink or fading on the buckle which is rose gold. great quality for the price.
i have many different bands and these are my favorite. i'm now mixing and matching, to make my own 4th of july colors.
i bought this a while ago (approx. 2.5 months ago) and it is very nice but not very sturdy. if you have an active lifestyle like i do, it won't last too long. but, like they say, you get what you pay for.
this is an elegant and high quality watch band. the leather is smooth and comfortable to wear.  it is a beautiful dark gray which is a difficult color to find. i consider the  combination of elegance, quality and value of this band to be unbeatable amongst the other bands listed on amazon and other websites.
i just received it and immediately changed my band, i love it!  it looks great!! 😍
i absolutely loved-loved-loved the quality of these watch bands (ordered two different styles and colors for my 42mm apple watch) the colors were rich and bold and the stitching of the leather was right up there with an “hermes” quality leather watch band…unfortunately had to return them, due to the fact i have 220mm+ wrist and they just didn’t fit… even though i am returning them…i plan to reach out to the supplier to ask if they make larger bands… i recommend giving them a try and they lots of great colors to choose from.
just received this watch band today and have been wearing it for the past several hours. it's a pretty brown leather and has a quality look and feel to it, and slid into the glides solidly. i have a rather small wrist -- just under 6 inches, so i can have it hug my wrist a bit tighter with some excess band on the end, or wear it a little looser (bracelet style). either way, the double leather straps help keep any excess band snug. to be able to find a great looking, quality leather band at a very reasonable price is awesome (compared to what apple charges for leather iwatch bands). very happy with my purchase!
this may be one of the most surprisingly high-quality "third-party" products i've ever purchased. if you are okay with the color (which is a lighter leather brown, i rather love it), it is absolutely phenomenal quality. very, very high quality, does not scratch or get warped easily, nicely thick. feels nice on the skin, fits well into the watch strap slider things. good variety of wrist sizes (i've got skinny wrists and it fits me perfectly, excellent length of the strap tail as well despite my skinny wrists). i've had it for >6 months now and still going strong. must-purchase for any apple watch owner.
i bought and returned another brand of leather band for the apple watch because, despite many positive reviews on amazon, the leather looked obviously cheap to me. i ordered this band as a second choice and did not have high hopes. i was very pleasantly surprised when it arrived! the leather looks like it cost many, many multiples of what it does.  it fits the watch perfectly and looks wonderful. it is a bit large for my very petite wrist but i am extremely happy with this purchase and will be buying more colours and recommending this brand/style to friends.
the band looks good and feels okay. it is not as good of quality as i thought, but it is still very good for the price. looks great with the watch. i use it quite often.
i was super stoked to receive this band. i've been looking for a subtle leather band for my watch without paying an arm, a leg & an unborn child. gorgeous in person. a little stiff at first, but did not fit at all. i was on the very last hole & it was so snug on me. i don't have a super large wrist, but it was so uncomfortable. i tried to return it but it would have cost almost the same price to return. so for those 2 reason, i knocked off a star.
pretty nice. the middle tiny metal piece that holds the end inside the watch was loose when i opened the band from its packaging and was almost lost. i popped it back in and haven't had to mess with it since. weird, but okay if it doesn't continue.
looks great! fits well! is a nice stark white color!
very stylish, fits perfectly and i have very small wrists. great price for a nice band.
this is a really nice looking strap. i ordered the all-back with the gunmetal buckle. the hardware matches the space gray apple watch perfectly, and it makes it look really chic. i took away one star because the watch-to-band attachment is ever-so-slightly imperfect, which causes really quiet noises when the watch moves on your wrist, and makes the vibrate a bit louder. not super noticeable to others, but it just irks me. however, i still use the band when i want to "dress up" my apple watch, though i use the stock sport strap 90% of the time. overall, a great product for the price.
love how this looks on my silver 42 mm but the band is too long for my 7" female wrist and the end of the strap ends up less than an inch from the watch. i am an experienced amazon shopper and i cannot find any size designation for length on the listings for the various bands from this manufacturer, even though in the q&a the manufacturer says you can find different lengths. i would buy more colors if small/medium length was offered. the packaging is "apple-like" and worthy of gifting! the 'assistant tool' included is unnecessary as far i can tell and no instructions are included for its use.
i like these bands. the gray is light colored but that works for me. i like that these feel like real leather and are not thick or bulky. these may not be real leather i am not sure of that but they do feel and wear like real leather  i have three of these great bands now. was disappointed that they didn’t give me the 25% discount for buying two at a time but ohtherwise these deserve 5 stars minus 1 for that discount discrepancy.
easy to put on, good quality, great price, super comfortable. 👍🏼
i easily own over 50 different watch bands of all types of material and color.that being said this is the highest quality leather one that i have owned to date. it's soft and thick and gorgeous and definitely real leather. the lugs are sturdy and have a nice brushed aluminum looking finish on them. i love it. couldn't be happier with it. thank you
i was skeptical about this band because i thought for the price it was too good to be true.  the leather is so soft and buttery feeling on my skin.  i originally purchased the sky blue and just ordered the rosy pink.  my one "complaint" is i have the larger 42mm watch and the bands are long to accommodate a male's larger wrist, but it's not a big deal. very easy to switch bands.
looks good and fits great.  i’ll make an extended review in a month or so, but so far so good!
i really like this watch band. the leather is nice and comfortable (not too stiff), and i like the gunmetal color (which matches my watch) and the cool shape (of the buckle). it was a great purchase for the price! only thing i could possibly say is that the finish wears off the buckle where the band rubs it just the tiniest bit, but you really can’t even see this unless you take the watch off and examine it closely - i consider that a non-issue. i would definitely buy another when/if this one wears out.
*update* the seller replaced my band and so far the replacement band is holding up. for the price, the quality is pretty good. excellent customer service
i work for apple and sell the watch.  i purchased the red band. having seen the apple brand watch bands, i can attest to their high quality.  this band is beautiful and soft at a much more affordable price.  i would recommend this band and i will definitely purchase more.
the color is true as indicated on the picture. i absolutely loved the feel of the leather band. the only thing i would like to see different is the width. just a tad thinner. other than that this watch band is perfect for the apple watch.
great quality, very well made. i bought the white and the gray and i am equally in love with both. the white strap does stain easily, though (being white leather and all...). wore it to work one day and got ink stains all over it (yes, i managed to do that!). i was able to remove the stains with alcohol but i’ll probably only wear the white one on different occasions and keep the gray one for everyday use.
awesomeness! in quality, look and feel. i will order in more colors. one of the best made leather bands for apple watch. fits perfectly. looks stunning on. hardware is perfect match. been wearing for about a month now. get lots of compliments. i am very pleased as i searched quite a bit to find the right quality and perfect match leather band for my apple watch. order from this company. outstanding quality.
i would give this five stars,, but i have worn it for a couple of weeks now before leaving this review and some of the color has started to fade on the straps. other than that, i love this band. it fit great and was exactly as i expected it to be. it was difficult to take off my watch when i switched to a different band though. it's perfect for dressing up your apple watch at work or to go out.
it is very nice leather, soft and comfortable. however, there are two things i wish were different.
very nice strap, easy to attach, and seems to be of a very good quality. it is a bit stiff but i think that will ease with use. i hope to buy a couple of others in different colors, but the blue is great!
way better than i was expecting and can't believe the price of this for the top notch quality and will be buying other styles by this company and from the seller. the leather seems really good and well executed here. the thing that sold me to take a chance was the connection at the watch. slide connection looks like a regular watch and not the gaping bar loop that most other bands have. so happy with this purchase.
this band turned my otherwise expensive iwatch into an elegant posh time piece. i reserve this band on for the most elegant of occasions.  the real black leather is high quality and polished to a pitch bright black. the band has resisted my usual strain i put on bands and watches.
i love this watch band. the material is nice and soft, the color is exactly as it is in the picture (i got the navy blue). it fits perfectly in the watch and the watch size is perfect for smaller wrists- i wear a size 7" bracelet. definitely consider these bands!
what attracted to me these bands was all the various options of leather/buckle colors to match which version of the apple watch you have. it came well packaged with a tool to remove/adjust the buckle, if needed. i, unfortunately, had a slight issue with mine, but customer service stepped in and quickly remedied the situation. can't beat the price!
the only thing i would change about this is that we would be able to request gold hardware. i have the gold apple watch and it doesn't match the silver hardware of the band, but i use it anyway because the band is so cute and good quality!
i’m actually presently surprised how great a product this is. it looks way more expensive than it was. it doesn’t have a leather smell, a tiny hint of paint. i’m sure it will go away with time. i ordered a red one and black one. both colors are solid and are the perfect shades. i’m really happy with this but.
wow, what can i say? i was in the market for a more traditional watch band to replace the rubber one that came with my series 1 watch.
incredible quality. looks exactly like apple bands and quality is great. they are thick and not cheap. also comes in a nice box. there is no point spending 150 dollars for apple band. i bought this for my wife and she loves it. i will definitely buy again.
best money spent! i've owned my apple watch sport for less than 5 days, and wanted to up my wrist band game up, and get something classier. this was it! far cheaper the apple version, and nearly no where the cost!!! shipping was very fast with prime, even came in on a monday after ordering on a saturday. quality is very good as well. color was spot on with what i imagined it to look like! case that it comes in is very nice as well, and feels very "legit" for a third party manufacturer. easy to install, and excited to rock. i'll update my review if any durability issues come up.
item as described. very light and comfortable to wear. the only thing i will say is the clasp where it connects to the watch is a little loose. i prefer it  too be tight, but overall a great product and great colors. arrived fast!!
pretty good leather band not like the bonded crackling leather like other bands. smells like leather. soft and comfortable to wear. looks like the very 1st generation apple classic buckle. the red color looks very good and matches the series 3 crown. one of the better looking bands here, clean looking. double the thickness of apple bands.
great watch band!! looks like it cost a lot more than it did. a little stiff in the leather. i have even swam twice w it because i forgot to change in to my sport band. i previously purchased another band that was softer than this and it did not last! i purchased grey and picture is spot on!!! i will purchase again!
band fits. definitely doesn't feel expensive. the connections to the watch itself are plastic and make somewhat of a clicking (i think that's a good description?) noise when your watch bumps a table or you tap the screen. not a huge deal, but i'm not confident in the longevity of the band. color is accurately represented in the photos online.
nice watch band, perfect fit and great pricing for the apple watch band.  arrived quickly, packaging was nice and even came with a small tool.  bought two different colors so i can change the band frequently to go with different outfits.  will be buying another color.
got this for my apple series 3 watch.  looks great get lots of compliments on it (from other apple watch users)  a couple months in and it still looks great.  great value, especailly if you compare it to the much more apple leather bands (that cost 10 times as much!)  i need to buy more colors !!!
this red is gorgeous, and very comfy.  i wore it for a week at a convention, and no fraying, splitting, etc. very nice.  will purchase other colors.
so far it seems like a nice watch band.  i was a little concerned when installing it that the top band was loose and slid off a little bit.  now it seems to be planted in place and i haven't had any issues.  i also have another case installed over it which might be the reason it is not sliding out.
nice leather good quality, think it will hold up for awhile.  only wish they offer rosegold hardware to match the iwatch otherwise perfect.
doesn't look as cheap as others are saying in their reviews. for $9.99, it definitely look good enough. i was a little worried about the one star reviews i saw here about the strap snapping off. will update if that happens to me. i will be wearing a plastic cover, just incase.
i really like the look and feel of this band. my only issue is that my wrist gets really sweaty underneath it, which can be uncomfortable, however i have yet to find a band with this style that doesnt trap sweat.
this is a good wrist and i would have given all 5 stars, i should have returned it as my family didn't like the color. the quality is good, color is exactly as shown in the picture and it fits the watch nicely.
the fullmosa compatible apple watch band 44mm 42mm 40mm 38mm, genuine leather band compatible apple watch series 4, series 3, series 2, series 1, 44mm 42mm white + rose gold buckle exceeded my expectations so i purchased another in a different color!
i honestly bought this band because my original band would make my wrist sweat a lot and thought a "leather" band would help alleviate that. although i was wrong and had to purchase another band this one is definitely one to keep around in my collection.
overall, the band is great for the price. it fits perfectly and looks very nice, especially with my summer outfits. it's a little stiff even after multiple wears and the white stained fairly easily, but i believe that would happen with any white leather band.
this is the 3rd color i have purchased and really enjoy them. the leather holds up very well and has a nice worn in look to it now. will definitely purchase more colors down the road.
the band is easy to put on and take off. it came with a tool to help with this, but i don't understand the usefulness of the tool. it could have been omitted. fits well. no funky smell. looks great with my watch. the buckle works just fine.
not sure why apple does not offer more band options but this is beautiful and high-quality. i bought it on prime day and now i'm sorry i did not purchase multiple colors! the one i bought is a lovely aqua/turquoise. looks much more expensive than the price. excellent!
honestly speaking i was not sure how this product would be but i gave it a try and i must it was not a bad deal. the quality is pretty good and sturdy. most important it matches with my shoes and belt so why to buy a different brown watch when i can use my iwatch for dual purpose. till now i have not faced any problem in changing the band and wearing it all day.
i have had this product for a couple months now and it is holding up well. good quality material and nicely designed watch band.
i love this!! so extremely easy to switch out!! i will need to buy this in other colors!!
i love it!  only wish it was slimmer but it’s so soft.
i was debating on either a black or the gray one, but i went with the gray one and couldn't be happier.  the packaging is really nice and different than the usual little ziploc bag bands like these come in.  it feels and looks really high quality, if you place it next to the $50-$60 options that apple offers, it would be difficult to tell a difference!
material feels soft and looks sharp. happy with quality for the price. slight cracking on underside of band where the buckles are sewn but not noticeable except when putting it on and very minor. i have it in the turquoise blue and red. no issues with it coming undone.
i really love my fullmosa band.  it fits great, feels good on my arm and had no stiffness or break-in period.
this is the fourth band i’ve ordered off amazon but and hamazon first and from this seller and wow.  i’ve had issues w bands being poorly made and smelling like chemicals but this band is beautiful and definitely does not have any weird smells. i got the plain black w gold accents and love it. i’ll definitely be ordering more.
the band has a rich color abd looks very classy matched with the apple watch dial. not sure if it’s genuine leather but it looks goood. only have worn a few times but so far no threads coming loose.
for the price...this is incredible. not sure how long it will last but it is simple, clean looking, dresses up the watch...and less than $10. feels and looks nice. i really can't think of a better $10 leather band.
so pretty!!  good construction, too!
you get what you pay for. it is obviously a bit plastic looking. it comes nicely packaged.  it is fine for the price. i am happy with what i received and feel comfortable that it is as described.  if you are looking for leather, this is certainly not the product, but neither is it the same price range!
these watch bands make my apple watch look very elegant. these are great to go to a professional look. these are made of excellent quality.  i ordered 2 and just ordered another one in blue.
omg!  i bought two fo these and love them both.  they are of excellent quality and workmanship and fit my apple watch perfectly.  i will buy more colors!
i've been wearing my band for a week now and so far it's been great. the leather is stiff, but i think it'll soften up over time. i have really small wrists and this fit very well. the navy blue color looks really good with my space gray apple watch. great value for the price.
i love this watchband. seems to be of good quality. love the red band and the softness against my wrist. i barely know it's on my wrist.
same as with my review for the milanese loop knockoff, this is the way to go for an apple watch leather band. it's glued, not stitched, but it's leather and will patina nicely in time. i'm wearing it right now as i type this.
love this band!! i’ve had it for a few weeks now and still love it. it is so light, sometimes you forget you’re wearing it! i purchased the red band and love the color!! i’ll definitely order more!!
needed something more comfortable than silicone - this fits the bill nicely.  perfect fit to the watch, and the leather is very comfortable.  it doesn't stain my wrist even if i get a bit sweaty.
arrived on time and product is good quality leather.  love the shade of red! it came in a nicely packaged box so it's great to give as gift.
comfortable and fits well on my wrist. the attachment that slides on doesn’t sit flush with the body of the watch. it’s a tiny bit wider, so if that will bother you don’t get it. its not as comfortable as the hermès leather band the watch came with. comfort is about the same as the apple leather band. can’t beat the price as i’ll be wearing this for daily use.
i have a new job that requires me to dress up so i was looking for a nice band to wear other than the white one it came with. i can say this is it. i like the feel and look of the material. i will be ordering this in black and grey also.
very comfortable, attractive band. so far it’s my favorite! i have a large wrist for a woman, over 8” and this fits with a loop to spare.  shipping was on time. i will order again.
i absolutely love the color of this band. it is so stunning and goes with so many things. the band is comfortable and easy to buckle.
watch is new, so don't want to comment on durability, but gave five stars as it really looks nice and appears to be of good quality.  arrived timely (love prime).  i like that it has two slides (those bands around the band) to hold the watch band in place
this watch band is well-made and is extra long. i put it on the second slot. it’s easy to take off but getting it through the little band holders is a little tight
really nice looking band, soft flexible strap. i was worried about how well the buckle would hold but so far so good, no issues at all! i plan to buy this one in more colors.
got it sunday 09/24. so far i love it! i like to track my sleep and i barely felt this band while sleeping. i plan on ordering a more neutral color as well.
i have tiny wrists and this fits well! i have it on the second to last notch with room for one more notch once it starts stretching out. very stylish i love the pattern. would definitely recommend for anyone looking to vamp up their apple watch!
nice packaging. reasonably priced. will definitely consider purchasing other colors in the future.
have about 10 different bands and this is my favorite. i love the construction and color. will definitely order more.
highly recommend this watch! it’s very comfortable and worth the price! i’ve had it for a half a year now and it’s in great condition.
just got my apple watch band yesterday. it's very nice, color is as pictured. i have a very small wrist so i was afraid it was going to be too big like others i have order, but it fits perfectly. i will be buying more in different colors.
love this watch bands.
nice band, the leather is just what i wanted.  the colors run true to the photo, and i was very glad i went ahead and got the colors i wanted.
i’ve looked at leather bands in multiple stores.  you can’t beat this band and the price!  love.
this watch band was very beautiful and the leather on it was very comfortable. would definitely recommend getting, everything was as shown on the pictures.
great color! strap holders keep strap from coming undone. great buy!!!
i have a few fullmosa bands and they are extremely well made and adorable. will definitely stick to the brand.
i really loved the color and texture of this band. i wanted a 38mm but received a 42mm. i didn’t want to return but it was too wide.
i have 3. they are great and a fraction of what you pay for branded ones without sacrificing quality.
i get irritated easily and this band is perfect for my sensitive skin. i wear it everyday and work out 5 times a week. will buy again.
beautiful band that looks really great with jeans or for dress up. leather is quality and it is made well.
super cute and durable! it't a little darker in person compared to the picture but it is still super cure.
i wanted something that looked like leather to replace my apple sports band. this white band was a perfect fit. seems like good quality and is comfortable. i'm thinking i'll buy another soon, as they are a great price.
great band!!!!! looks amazing and feels amazing!!!! brought my nike+ series 2 to more professional level!!!
love the band. the fit is nice and comfortable. no issues with the watch protector on the.
gave this to my 15 year old son to replace the band that broke that came with his apple watch.  he loves it.  it’s durable and sleek and looks great.  would definitely recommend!
nice quality leather band that's both comfortable and attractive to wear.  i particularly like the gun metal clasp and how it accents the black band.  both the product and packaging are on point and well presented.  i will probably purchase more of these since multiple colors and designs are available.
i was a little worried about product quality before i buy it but it turned  it is very good product. the leather is of very good quality, it’s smooth and the color is nice and bright. 5 stars for me definitely !
on first day of wearing the band fell off the watch while having lunch. ok, then these guys went out of there way to make this purchase right. sent emails and a new band and it's awesome. they gave 100%. the leather is top quality
i haven’t really tested it out but the leather is beautiful and will look nice with my watch. arrived sooner than expected
nice looking band. a little stiff. i get nervous at times the watch will off. worth the price though. just need to be careful its tight.
honestly i don't know. the girl i gave this to and i broke up so what do you want from me here. looked good on her when she put it on.
love this band! look amazing on! very well made! i ordered the pink one, but i’m going to order other colors! dresses my watch up!!
the brown is nice it's a little reddish-brown. everything works fine. the leather feels like a basketball, but i'm sure it will get softer in time.
the band is perfect! the quality and the look of this leather band is definitely worth more then what they are selling it for on amazon. it's worth every penny. i highly recommend this band.
i got this in the white color. i've been using everyday since i purchased it and it still looks great despite the white color. great purchase for the price. the band is comfortable and looks great with everything i wear at work.
one of the best watch bands i have bought for my apple watch. the quality is amazing and there are so many colors to chose from, i have gotten multiple compliments about this band.
just what i was looking for.  seems like good quality.  good with a professional outfit as it matches brown shoes and belt nicely.  a little stiff when you get it, but it will soften and break in over time.
worth every star and every dollar i paid from a great seller.  quality product - available in numerous colors!  loving the whole apple watch experience!  it's actually a piece of jewelry!
beautiful brown leather. i've gotten a lot of compliments on this apple watch band. it's thick and a nice rich brown. easy to attach. very classy.
my sister finally put it on and she loves it. matches with a lot of her clothes.
love this band. true to color and fits perfect for my watch. very happy with this product!
this band is super sturdy, and pretty! i love the blue color with the rose gold face plate that i have!
it’s true to color and fits comfortably. i don’t know why anyone goes to apple for bands. this is perfect and stylish. i would certainly buy another one.
fits nicely . you can adjust it larger or smaller
purchased this for my wife's rose gold apple watch. the colors look really nice together, and she really likes this band.
received my new band yesterday, and i'm totally in love with it! i have a hard time finding bands because they either fit way too tight or way to loose-which was why i could use the sport band my watch came with. i ordered mine in brown, and the leather color was true to the photos from the seller. great quality make and feel to the leather! will be ordering in more colors soon!
it's a nice watch. looks more like plastic than leather and some of the brown looks black around the edges already.
loved the watch band. appears to be good quality.  fits perfectly
awesome band. i've had this band for a few months now and i am rough on my watch. it still looks like new and is very durable. if you like the leather look and want a good quality band, this is the way to go for sure.
comfortable and stylish. would consider others in different colors
i bought this band to update the look of my apple watch 3. the band was easy to change out. it is a really pretty red and the leather feel is soft and smooth.  i love the color, feel, and fit of my new watch band.
love this band even better than the stainless steel that came with it.  wears very comfortably and color was true to description
great watch band - no need to buy an expensive one.  this one looks the part but at a fraction of the price.
this band looks and feels much more expensive than it was. the dark blue color is stunning. after a couple of weeks it still looks new.
this is a fantastic band. the yellow is more of a mustard, so it's great for spring. it's comfortable, snaps in to the sides of the watch very well, and it looks much more expensive than it was! i've been getting a ton of compliments on it.
the pink is perfect for spring and summer. sadly the lighter colors wear out quickly so the pink is coming off.  this brand of strap is great because it adjusts to fit my small wrists. i definately recommend.
this is my fourth one. is what is advertised. will buy it again.
it is a very good product. it is highly recommended.
rich looking supple leather, fantastic quality! i just ordered 2 more bands in sapphire blue and grey.
definitely not real leather, but very good quality nevertheless
love this band... i am so happy, i was worried it wouldn't be the quality of apple's, but it is...
very comfortable band. classic looks that go with a suit or casual wear. i really like the low profile buckle. fits perfectly on my series 1 apple watch.
very nice quality i plan on buying other colors :)
best apple watch band you could ever buy  for that price!
nice look for the apple watch,gives it a whole different flavor.
i would definitely recommend this watch strap. it came packaged well and fits well.
it’s beautiful just as pictured, i haven’t use it yet, but i can tell it’s going to be just fine!
i love every fullmosa products, the band cost very cheap and looks like an expensive belt, thanks.
the watch band i had on my apple watch got dirty and even though i tried to clean it, it just did not look very good. when i saw these i could not resist buying two colors, the price is great and the bands are very nice.
my absolute favorite band for my apple watch. fits perfectly, great material, looks beautiful on the rose gold watch.
perfect watch band!!  fits my iwatch 3 perfectly.  would highly recommend.
this band is great! it came  in a nice box and had a special little tool to help in installing and removing. however, it really isn't necessary. the band is super easy to put on and made of good quality. i am very pleased with it!
so cute with nice and good material! thanks
nice little watch band for the price
just look at the pictures they speak for itself!
good quality band. love the white. stays on my arm well.
minus one star as the color i received is not a true pink, but has more of a salmon tint.
great price and quality!!! looks really nice and is comfortable!
it was hard to get it on at first but i like it after wearing it a few times.
great band. perfect fit and nicely adjustable. i love the fact the band isn’t too shiny. the color is just right.
love this watch band. very comfortable and is exactly as described. i just might purchase another one in a different color.
i got the navy/silver band and it looks and feels premium. it is one of the few real leather bands i could find. it makes my watch look so much nicer and feels much more comfortable than the original band. i highly recommend this watch band if you want a comfortable real leather watch band that looks great too.
i really like this! it’s the perfect size and thickness for me. not too thick for a woman’s wrist. has held up and seems durable! i’ve had no problems or complaints with this band.
i lkie the color, the quality of products isn't very good, the belt not fit easley in the watch, over all i gove 4/5
i bought 2 of these bands in different colors.  i really like them, especially for the low price.
just as described,  wonderful band.
i really like these bands alot. the colors are great, easy on and off, the price is great, you can change it every day. they’re durable too, ive gotten them wet and i cook- they do alright!
i love the color but it is really stiff
arrived as described, and on time. came with a link remover.
i really like the watch bands. they come in a nice array of colors. the only problem i have is that different colors are different prices.  the best colors cost more money.
excellent quality. i was very impressed.
i got it for my mother in law she really loves white thats why!she loves it so much and decided to use it and keep the original band in the box.it came with a tool that you can use to switch band but i dont think apple watch needs it.its worth it
exactly as advertised. i just don’t like the grey after i got it. not a problem with it, just don’t like the color.
perfect match to my i-phone case.
looks like a very nice band, seems to be great quality for a great price.  i received a grey band even though i ordered a white one, other than that i like it.
fit very well.  i like the look and feel.
great product. genuine leather as described. perfect fit. very pleased with this product
these are very high quality bands.  very well made and look great.  i plan on buying several different colors.
fit and function was spot on. would recommend and buy again
stiff for the first few wears, but is now broken-in and wicked comfortable.
great band!  soft, comfortable, trendy, and easy to switch out.  thanks !
love the band- looks great and good quality
really nice band at an affordable price.  much nicer than what was available at the apple store
fits watch fine. good value for price.
lasts, very strong and nice
3 months ago i purchased this for my husband as a stocking-stuffer for christmas...after frequent usage, it still looks great (i was worried about it being faux leather) and he loves it!
amazing quality. easy to add or remove. definitely real leather. priced about 1/5th from what apple charges. would 100% purchase again
i like it. i have returned the one i got, since there is some defect, but i would like to buy it again, hope to get a good one.
nicely made for under $15. apple leather quality is higher, but $35 higher. no.
perfect fit looks good vibrant color. met my expectations.band long enough for generous fit.leather smooth.good price for superior . will recommend to friendsworkmanship
i love my band not only is it beautiful and the rose gold fixings match my series 2 rose gold 42 mm perfectly but the leather is so genuine you can smell it lol. very comfortable and fashionable a great buy and i look forward to ordering more colors.
apple watch band can fix all sizes of apple watch.
although it's not genuine leather, these bands can pass. fits nicely and i have tiny wrists.
nice leather quality. it looks and fits as expected, the silver iwatch would go better than the black one. but they both work out.
wife love this
really nice band. fits well and looks expensive
exactly as described and a perfect fit.
i have two colors in this band.  i love the look of the leather band!
really nice bands
very comfortable and seems like a high quality band. and most important it looks great. this band carries great value and i highly recommend if you're looking for a nice leather band for your apple watch.
very good quality
the leather is a little stiff but it was worth the money.
too bright green color.
very nice and not cheap looking.
pretty color for an additional band
thanks
soft, well built and fits perfect on the watch.
look nice!
very nice watch strap.
returned. kind of cheap looking.
had this product for a bit longer than a week. the band feels comfortable and it looks great. i saw a few complains about size, but personally, i believe it will fit people with large wrists.
very happy with the new band. quality and look better than original band. very soft, very sophisticated to be wear at your job, going out for dinner or a fancy place elegant.
comfortable and professional looking
i got this band for my wife and she loves it!! looks great!! too early to say anything else but meets or exceeds my expectations!! price and design are a must have for a fashion person!
fit and look great
good
great product excellent quality very happy.
love it! need another color now :)
awesome product for the price. has a good feel on the skin. durability holding up so far. been wearing it almost daily for one month.
a true navy band. i get compliments every time i wear it and i love the feel of it.
love it!!! color is perfect fit is great!! very happy!
son loves this band for his watch.  has not taken it off since we purchased it.  will update on quality as time goes on.
bought this band for my wife because she didn't feel safe with the original band. always felt the watch would fall off her wrist. loves the band and changing it out was easy.
this band is good for the price. i've worn it for a few weeks now and the quality still seems to be decent.
great! i use it as my work band. quite sturdy!!
nice
this band is super comfortable and looks nice. a great value.
sturdy leather, fits well, easy to put on. black color complements grey metal iwatch color.
very comfortable and sturdy. i bought this is two other colors and the colors are bright and the leather is flexible.
my boyfriend loveddddd the band, thank you. it looks like it's nice material and very well made.
love this!!!! beautiful. comfortable. installed perfectly
i love this band! i've had it for a couple months and is still holding up very well.
fast delivery and great quality. very happy with my purchased. will recommend to my friends and family.
just what the wife wanted. colors are great.
great fit
this band goes well with most anything. i got a lot of compliments.
better than i thought!
i love tis band.  it always makes me smile when i put it on. what a great buy.
looks good and fits great!
perfect....i love the color
these replacement bands are great. 10% the cost of the original bands.
worked well!
it's beautiful. i love the color white and it's not quick to stain easily.
fit perfect.
looks like leather, but you know its not.
everyone comments on this, it is sharp
great quality. looks very nice.
very well made - love it - may order more colors
solid fit, i enjoy the width of the watch band and the color is awesome
excellent quality. fits well and holds up day to day.
love the band. comfortable and great red red.
great quality
such a pretty watchband — bought in 2 different colors, and not cost-prohibitive! love the pink with my gold apple watch 3. great for my tiny wrist, softened up quickly. photo is after 3 months of daily use.
i’ve had the strap for a while now and it has not come apart. i get compliments on it all the time and it looks just as described
very nice looking band.  very long, so it would fit man's wrist easily
i really like the bands. i ordered the grey color and after it arrived i ordered a red color. it has a very nice sleek look, and easy to place on the watch, just what i was looking for.
sizes run slightly smaller than an authentic band.
fun colors and good quality!
the color is a much darker red than pictured, but the feel is nice and it seems pretty sturdy. overall good value and quick shipping.
love it though the band started to rip after just a few wears
i have purchased a number of these bands.  love them. excellent value and they look fabulous !
for what i paid for it, i like it. the band is a bit stiff and not really for every day wear. color is really nice.
i brought this so that i would have a protected clamp so that my watch would not come lose!
love these! hold up well and are fun to mix and match. not sure why there’s a tool included... have never needed it.
amazing
i love this band  it's a beautiful blue and i love the quality of the band i'm going to buy a few more colors thank you so much for this product i am very happy
good quality
looks nice. not a match for my product red iphone, but it still looks great
i loved this band. it's sturdy and popping with all kinds of redness!
great band!
very good price for a leather band for my apple watch. i really like the light gray color, it is very neutral
great leather band! fits great and looks great. i wanted a holiday red and this is perfect!
better than i'd hoped. a lot better. this is an excellent wristwatch band. looks good. feels good and lives up to rough conditions. honestly, for the price, it's hands down a superior purchase,
very high quality item. better looking than expected.
very comfortable.
i love this band, very professional looking, classy with the apple watch, not heavy feeling on my wrist, very comfortable, recommend buying there whole line..
i recommend this watch band to anyone who is looking for a little extra style and professionalism. i love the peekaboo color underneith when i am taking off my watch or styling it with a certain outfit. definitely recommend it!
versatile for all wrists
great purchase!!!! i wear it for daily use and working out! no issues at all! love it!
nice texture and looks good. very comfortable to wear.  i'm going to buy another in a different color!
looks good
bought the band for my boyfriend and he loved it. put it on as soon as it arrived and hasn't taken switched it. makes the watch look dressier, since he had the nike band on it prior. definitely what we were looking for.
very good
all good.  a little longer than an apple large band
amazing product. i wear it all the time and get so many compliments from people. really makes the watch stand out. i bought the red leather band
great band.  makes the watch look even better!
good choice, good quality and cheap :)
fits perfectly. i git white. i will be ordering​ more
beautiful strap, loved it! will definitely order more in different colors. highly recommended. love the leather, very elegant.good price too!
love this color.  yes it is still holding up. no stresses or broken parts.
great band.  color is perfect.  classy band
the band has a nice leather finish. the color was true to the photo and looks great.
awesome price for such a fashionable apple watch band
great watchband and very nice color. feels sturdy without being too stiff.
i love the color and it is so comfortable to wear.
thanks
for this price, i was actually really pleasantly surprised at the quality of these watch straps. they looked really expensive, and even came with a little tool. i'd recommend this to anyone, honestly.
would purchase this item again
love this and get lots of compliments!  very comfortable.
this is a great band. i get so many compliments from wearing it. highly highly recommend!
great color and look.  it fit perfectly and was easy to install.
i love it!  easy to switch out with my other band. fits great!  good quality and workmanship.  i will definitely be purchasing additional colors and styles of bands from fullmosa!
great band! easily a great buy, regardless of the price, it’s great.  i already bought a red leather band as well as a black one.  could there be nicer leather bands, yes, but for the price you can’t beat it. it’s sharp!
i got the white and rosy band. love them. super comfortable and cute.
material is soft and good quality. very comfortable band and colors look as show in picture. would recommend to others for sure.
not fake looking ... finally something that feels like a real band...
have worn this band since i received it.... love it :)
i like my new watch band! only little problem was when i was my hands at work got stuck and ripped part of the coloring off. not that noticeable but good quality and still love it! keep me looking fashion forward!
bought as a gift, good quality, fit perfectly!
fine quality and wear it most every day.
very elegant, looks and feels awesome
ggood
it’s a nice band and comfortable the reason i didn’t give it five stars is because i ordered white the box was labeled white and i received a gray band.
nice feel, good quality.
great band. purchased in white.
very nice looking band! will look great on the watch! was a birthday present for my daughter.
love this!! it’s perfect
great product....i will buy this again in additional colors!
seems pretty durable.
i love the watch band for my apple watch. it fits great and is a good quality. i would recommend this band to others and i would buy one again.
love the color and it’s a very comfortable band.
christmas gift for a friend, looks good and of high quality in the box.
nice strap, love the color.
i looks great.
quality look. fits into apple watch easily.
nice color and thick band.
great affordable apple watch band.
love this watch band!! even pretties in person!! it looks amazing with my rose gold watch!!
good quality strap
nice band - fits watch great
band looks great and feels very nice. very happy with my purchase, would recommend.
really made well. i have small wrists,but there are enough holes to fit snugly. good quality
excellent product i love it, is very nice
is beautiful and comfortable!
wife pleased
i seriously doubt it's genuine leather. i think, it's not. but looks good and works well (no sporadic watch locks).
nice quality
wife likes it. good enough for me
great way to jazz up the i watch and inexpensive, lots of different colors to choose from.
great band love it
great value for the price. super nice 👍🏼 love the feel of this band. color match is a bit off with the rose frame of the watch but not so much that i won’t use it. will be back for more colors  .
one of my favorite apple watch bands!
happy with my purchase.
great an i ordering another one an it red should be here soon thank you your company has a great band in watches
amazing value for the price. looks great when my husband wears it to work. has been very durable for such a cheap price.
love my band
i have been looking for an affordable red watch band for series 3 38mm apple watch.  this is the first true red color i have found.
the band is more of a cherry brown color than i had expected, and it looks a bit odd with my rose gold watch but i'm not unhappy with it! i do have wider wrists however so i have to keep it on biggest notch and i would've liked it to have been wider.
perfect fit for my apple watch.  wanted a band with gold fastener instead of a silver one.
great quality for the price. i wouldn't say quality for everyday wear but to wear on weekends or when you dress up and go out is good. cute too.
very nice band. looks great and nice quality.
super cute and good quality!
it works
gave my watch a new look
nice smooth sleek look
well made, great value
satisfied with the band.
pretty ; )
for the money, this band is great.  it does not look like fine corinthian leather or anything but is suitable and sturdy.
nice quality band and was delivered quickly. worth the money.
was bought as a gift for my mother. she loves it. very nice quality and packaged well.
nice quality.
looks great
love this brand of apple watch bands. comes with a tool to make changing bands easy. so many colors too.
the band is great, exactly what i wanted.  easy to put on the watch.  thanks!
excellent quality!!!
i love it!!!
loved this band😊  simple to change and great for dressing up or down!!
great feel
great purchase!
excellent product
looks great. i've already gotten a few unsolicited compliments for this. super comfortable. works as expected. very impressed.
definitely worth the money. looks great, easy to install.
good band. gets better the more i wear it.
it’s getting tarnished after a couple wears. don’t jnow if it’s worth it.
very happy!
the grey leather band fit my extraordinarily small wrist very well and matches my rose gold apple watch great! i would highly recommend this item for a gift or even a present to yourself
just beautiful
i bought this item for my wife and she loves it.
i’ve been using this band for a few months now.  i love it and it looks great with my blue suit!!
love it! really nice red color, looks beautiful!
the case is clean and simple. it was easy to connect to my watch and i plan on purchasing another one for my fiance.
looks great
really like the color. good thick quality. bought it a second time.
great price. soft band. i have a 6 inch wrist and this fits perfect.
high quality leather band. one of the best i've purchased. perfect fit for my 42mm watch
fit great, holding up well and looks good.
great
the strap is beautiful.
i loved it! it looks pretty nice and delivery was really quick.
excelent! the quality of the product is very good and the service was great. it was a pleasure making business with this seller.
beautiful color and received many compliments. recommended.
love this band.
i love it and feels great
awesome
love it, it’s perfect. nice quality!
great!
nice
very nice, as i was expected
love it. real leather and color is amazing.
i love ❤️ the leather. the blue color makes it look very substantial and classic
just like the photo. has actually held up much better than i expected for the price. i will be ordering another color.
very nice quality
nice band. easy to install. good purchase.
style and comfort are great.  replacing the band was not difficult with the enclosed tool.
great
excellent and great quality!!! i love fullmosa!
this band is of high quality. my friends think i paid 10x what it cost. makes me happy and makes me look stylish
vv good
very comfortable. fits well and the band looks really nice and well made.
nice band
great leather band. gives my watch a more casual look versus the sporty silicone band it came with originally.
perfect!
just like purchasing from apple. high quality band. don't hesitate.
love this band. such great quality!  highly recommend.
obsessed with this band. it’s high quality and fits perfectly. i couldn’t be more pleased with my purchase.
great quality!!
i loooooooove it just what i had wanted in a great price!! ❤️❤️❤️😘😘😘
i love it for my 42 mm apple watch 3. good quality band and came in a chic box.
this band is definitely worth purchasing. it is very sturdy and looks great!!!
great looking addition
nice black leather watchband.
nice bands. well made and beautiful colors
good quality.  nice color.
very nice band
beautiful!
really nice
great quality! can’t wait to order more!
great quality, especially for the price.
this band is beautiful !!! 😍😁
loved it.
works great looks great! i get compliments on it all the time
very true to the picture, very comfortable and soft. nice fit
excellent product
my favorite band so far and i wear it every day!
these are awesome and flexible. very nice.
excelente
great fit and material!
awesome quality, looks very good and happy with this product.
came exactly as pictured, im sure over time it may show signs of wear, but so far i’m happy with it!
great quality with price!!
enjoying product!
its okay
love it . great quality
like the quality and price, i have half a dozen in various colors
good enough.
excellent product
excellent
love it! fits great
good quality!
great band
great quality
nice
band is durable. love the color - might need to buy a black one as well.
great band!
excellent quality and color. my husband loves his new band.
love this band
easy to exchange, great material, and they look amazing
very good quality!!
fit perfectly and looks great!
beautiful color. feels very comfortable. love it! easy to use! ❤️
its so nice! good quality!!! good packaging!!!
this band is soft, comfortable, and flexible.  beautiful color.
love the watch band. it fits well and i love all the colors you can get.
super cute and classy. just the right color of red. fits comfortably and does not feel cheap.
nos encanto el producto, igual a como lo describen.
returned - too big
classy, and exactly what i imagined
very good quality and good looking
i love it! looks very nice and works with my watch perfectly
i love this product. thank you so much. i will be ordering again from you.
very nice navy, pebble finish. pliable. holding up well
it fits perfectly and looks very cute.
good quality
love this wrist band. so classy yet casual.
i am very happy with this watch band. it was easy to install, and the leather is very soft. i just bought a second one in a different color.
nice quality and fit for the apple watch 3. leather is sturdy and comfortable on my wrist.
comfortable fit, looks very nice.  i would highly recommend this band. it fits comfortably.
great quality,
very nice band, fits well on the watch
love the color choices. great quality and price
love it, very comfortable, way better than the plastic bands.
beautiful color. looks and feels just like the one apple sells for $149.00
excellent product quality and presentation and packing. i am very pleased to have bought it.
my wife loves this band. i am purchasing the same band in different colors for her!
what you pay is what you get!
good quality, good material, just like in the pictures
looks good and feels soft. my hubby really likes it.
good quality
got it for my boyfriend’s apple watch. he likes it. the strap was easy to put on the watch.
very comfortable and nice quality for the price!
nice, thick leather. worked with my apple watch series 1 perfectly. fit my wrist. packaged nicely.
my husband loves the band! they look so nice and professional without having to pay an outrageous amount at the apple store!
good product
runs small.
love this band. gives me a whole new look.
fits nicely and looks elegant.
love this band very relaxed and color as amazingly beautiful.
perfect feel and looks very classy!
it’s good
not top quality, but great for price.
great color and quality for an watch band. looks good with a black iwatch.
beautiful band!!!!!
cool
love this! it's the color i was looking for and looks and feels great.
fits very good and looks very elegant
great quality & price
beautiful and good quality.
good for the price.
great material
really good and nice professional looking band. even the packaging is well thought out... totally worth the price
works perfect and no issues
this is my favorite band to wear with my watch. it's cute, comfortable, and easy to change.
i ordered several different bands for my apple watch and this one is my favorite. easy on-off, looks good.
good quality for the price you pay, it is soft!
true to color.  fits the watch great and the leather quality is good.
comfortable and stylish
love the color and quality. can’t beat it for the price.
like it
love this band! easy to change and fits my apple watch 38 perfect!
awesome product !
i love it!! very comfortable!!
good looking comfortable band!
great gift for dad
this is nice quality. worth every penny. i have now bought three of these.
very nice!
nice quality
good product - exactly as described
i just purchased an apple watch last week (gold aluminum with concrete band) and right away i wanted to replace that monstrosity of a rubber band. i seriously could have bought a skagen watch for the price of an apple band, so amazon did not disappoint for their selection of bands. the leather on this band is pretty remarkable for the price, plus the milk chocolate brown looks great with the gold casing. yes, the buckle is silver, but it makes no difference for me.
very happy with the watch band
it looks really nice and it came it quickly.
great product for the price!
its real leather,no smellits real leather,no smell
good purchase ! thank you
great color and quality, package shows this this not cheap. i gave it as a gift and it was really appreciated!
love love the color.
love great feeling and excellent look
great product, fast shipping!
feels, looks, wears like if you spent more than 40$ on it... nice!
no complaints. got as a christmas gift for my son in law and he likes it.
bought this for my boyfriend and he loves it.
it fits well and looks very feminine & stylish
love it
shipping was great. snaps on perfectly not loose.
good just got worn out fast
great quality and color.  nice product.
chingón!
my favorite band
love it! so beautiful!
great product and good price!
better than expected.  thanks!
great great band
loved this watch. perfect fit and very secure.
handsome looking band.
love my new band! happy so far with the look and quality.
the perfect addition to my apple watch!
quality product. well made and looks great!
love this! very nice.
good quality
love it
buenisimo
great quality. love it
this worked out great, wife was tied of the plain old color
very nice band for the price of a much more expensive one. easy to replace as well.
appears to have great quality
good quality
i love my watch band
the best
very impressed!
love it!
band fits perfect and looks awesome!
very comfortable
i love it
band fits good! wish it was a little thicker but looks classy
great quality
very pretty
high quality
love it
fits perfectly
fits perfect
i am pleasantly surprised by this watch strap. i've been wearing it for 2 days, and it seems solid. the color is accurate, it's not too stiff and comfortable. however, if you are female, i'd seriously reconsider this watch strap. i'm not a tiny person, and i have this strap on the second hole. it's really, really long.
overall it is a nice band, but about after 3 weeks of having it, the color began to rub off in the band. other than the discoloration, it's working fine. just wish it looked better
started out a little stiff, but after wearing it has softened up without the leather cracking.  it looks nicer than my white silicone.
i absolutely love this band and i am completely satisfied with my purchase! my watch now looks like i bought the expensive version from apple. some people have reviewed it by saying the strap is crap and it breaks easily. mine has been perfect since day one and i use it constantly. so far so good!
i've been using the strap for some hours now, feels great, looks nice, feels nice. to be honest a bit flimsy. but i would recommend the strap.  4.5/5 because it's flimsy but i belive it is safe.
i love this band, it's exactly as pictured!!!!!  will definitely order more from this vendor.  and, the shipping was really quick too!
gift for my daughter who loves hot pink!
i didn't expect it to be 100% real leather or anything and it's pretty nice for what i got; its definitely very durable, but it's kinda too thick for my liking, but they have enough holes for many wrist sizes (but you're like extra extra small when it comes to wrist sizes...it'll be slightly loose on you like me), but i liked it! the color was just as described and it was definitely comfortable. it fits the watch 100% correctly, but i think i'm definitely more of a silicon band than a leather band person, haha. still really nice. came sooner than expected, too!
i am extremely impressed with the customer service i got concerning this purple watch band from fullmosa.  they were unable to ship it with the others that i'd ordered and paid for, so they issued me a refund and said i would also get a free replacement.  and i did!  i got a refund a few days ago and i received a replacement delivered today.  i personally think the quality of these leather bands is excellent.  i have a very small wrist and have it buckled on the last hole and it fits perfectly.  love the range of colours they have too, and the price is excellent.
i really like this band. my watch is a series 2 / 42mm.  i had ordered a denim one not from this seller and it broke. returned it and then i saw this. it is really attractive and i have been wearing it for about 2 weeks. it matches almost everything i wear. it was easy to put on. i also may order another color.
it is exactly what i wanted!!!now, the band is my most favorite one. the band arrived on time and fit my watch perfectly. super easy to install, just as described! aslo i think the price is very well. i highly recommend this product for those who want to save your money and want to wear a watch and that is simple, fashion and is made of very high quality leather. i am very happy with this order.
i wanted a watch band that would dress up my apple watch and this one is perfect. i have small wrists and has enough holes for me to adjust it. i'm thinking about buying it in other colors
the fit is comfortable and just right for my wrist.  i like the looks of the band and it appears to be well made.  i will buy more colors for my "stash"
so far so good no complaints.
i love this band and plan to get more colors! highly recommend!!
nice (real) leather. looks good on the watch; easy to install and remove. overall, it is what it's supposed to be and well-priced.
i received this as a gift and i love it! it fits perfectly on the watch and my wrist, too. the leather is nice and looks great.
secure, easy to attach, smart looking, easy to clean
this is my favorite watch band!  i can't wait to get it in more colors!!!  super comfortable and very durable!
the product i liked .. the texture is very good and very well made
great! i loved it! it looks so good on my iwatch.
excellent product!!
i like it.
great quality, looks better in real than what it does here...
looks and feels good, can fit my watch nicely.
love this watchband for my new apple 4. i am embarrased that i actually sent in a letter after opening the box and  thought the watch was scratched and took pictures to send. i showed it to my wife and she said "its just a piece of dust." i looked at it closely, and it was gone. so sorry. terrific band. comfortable. affordable. looks more expensive than the price. only had it a few hours, so can't speak to durability, but doesn't look or seem cheap to me.
absolutely love the color. fits perfectly.
i eyed this band for a couple of weeks but because it was white i was hesitant due to how dirty it would get, but i’m so glad i got it, i love it!  the band is a nice quality and the white isn’t as bright as the band that came with my watch, so i liked that. i would definitely recommend this band!
i like the band a lot the material it’s made of is kinda stiff but hopefully will soften
looks and fits great
this leather band replaced a stainless steel band that didn't hold up very well. installation was very simple and it gives the watch a very nice, professional look.
1/10 of apple price
it’s a very good quality product and durable.
nice leather watch band.
great watch band. dressier than the one that comes with it.
band is excellent quality. looks and feels very expensive and fits comfortabley. for the price you won't find anything better.
quite astonished when this arrived. it came in a fancy box, and when u opened it the band looked so nice and high quality. very good deal for $10!
great quality for the proce
very nice band! looks expensive too.
comfortable and good looking.
the watch band is as described . the quality is excellent. the price is just right. you can not go wrong with these watch bands. i bought 5 different colors i always receive compliments when i wear one
product is as promised.
very nice and perfect for the price
this product is everything i expected, the fit is good, it’s comfortable. the only thing i will say is i got the rose gold to match my watch and the pink is just ever so slightly not the same colour. it’s not very noticeable to anyone else though so for the price, still 5 stars
can’t tell the difference from the expensive bands.  and this one comes with pins!  i might try to fit some of my bands from my old regular watches!
the color is completely wrong on the brown band—-too much red!!!
good quality and design.
feels very plastic, wish the watch band was a softer material. overall it’s an ok product for $10 bucks.
love it so much, i am ordering a few more colors.  well made, the light grey is lovely, and feels good on your wrist!  ♥️♥️♥️
excellent band.  works in any situation
great band! looks stylish..received lots of compliments
it starts out really stiff but after buckling it on and off a few times, it begins to loosen up and lay properly on your wrist.
unexpected quality and color.
love it !
just as advertised.  great quality product and accessory to my new apple watch.
nice design, i liked the metal parts in particular. the design matched the apple brand language. only one i found that did. this ended up being my go-to band. i bought the white one. over time, it became more difficult to keep clean. not really unexpected. eventually, it became worn in places. given the cost and color, this was entirely within my expectation level. i will likely purchase again.
really nice, light weight band. the band itself is wide enough to match the heft of the 44 mm apple watch, so it looks proportionate. this band is much nicer than i expected.
i like this product
i like that it does not look cheap and it’s just what i was looking for.
it's perfect
liked everything about the watch bands
great band at a great price!
ok gracias
i ordered this and two other brands of bands. this is the one i'll be ordering again in other colors.  it looks expensive and is comfortable to wear. the color is a true red - love it!
the price is cheap and the quality is good. because it is soft material, there is no burden on the wrist.
very good quality leather. a bit hard at first, but softens with use.
packaging and product very nice and easy to put on
well design and durable
great quality for a crazy low price! super comfortable and i get compliments left and right, people are shocked when i tell them how cheap it was!
i like that is easy to install. not like the regular watches
love the band
very nice band, fits perfectly!
good product juts the material it’s a little too hard
brown was more red than expected but looks nice
very good quality, easy to install. highly recommend.
loved the band.
band came as described. nice band for the price.
i've not had the band long enough to really testify to is durability, but it seems to be well made and of good quality leather. it fits well, attaches to the watch easily and securely,  is very comfortable, and looks great. unless it suddenly falls apart (seems unlikely) it's a great value. (my daughter got the white version and is also very happy with it.)
only had it on a day. seems to be good quality.
it’s not genuine leather. it’s faux leather, and smells like a bunch of chemicals.
i ordered the blue band to mix in with my other bands. great qualityand lots of compliments.
it’s really good quality, and very comfortable.
love these bands!  the leather is so much nicer than the normal apple bands, to include the watch-like clasp.  i bought the white & silver band and it’s holding up just fine, but can start to look dirty after awhile.
very nice band and seems durable
like the color ..matches rose gold nicely. i’ve had this band for about 2 weeks and i’ve noticed some fading on the band (underneath the wrist). i like the material of the band but it may not be as durable as i hoped.
love it
this watch band is awesome, especially for the price. fits watch perfectly, sits securely on my wrist, and arrived in good packaging.
very nice product!!
much better quality than i thought it would be. i love the look and feel of it. it isn't uncomfortable and does the job well
looks real good and pretty comfortable.
price & color
hasta el momento fue lo que espere
the color is perfect. the fit is great.
one of the better  watch band sellers, great packaging too!
i really like the gray watchband i just received! i have a very small wrist and was worried that the tail end of the strap would stick out but that is not the case. the two sliding belt loops hold the tail in place. i want to buy a pink one next!
i absolutely love this watch band.  it’s beautiful.  i am so happy with my purchase.  good quality
the only reason i gave this product 4 stars instead of 5 is because i haven’t had the band long enough to provide adequate feedback on durability and material quality. however based on my short experience i expect that the watch band will wear well. i love it. it looks great and i would recommend the product.
nice color it fits well
love my new leather band! made my watch look brand new
quality,and appearance...
comfortable to ware. seem good quality and nice looking. not premium but ok.
good looking and easy to install.
it is really pretty, i really like it, i would like to order more colors in the future.
fits right and looks perfect
i looooove this watch band! you never know what to expect nowadays with the product looking as you expect when ordering online, and this item surpassed that! the quality is amazing.
i'm loving this band! i've had difficulties with things getting caught on the silicone or milanese loop (metal) bands, and i haven't had that problem at all with this band. i've only had it for a week, so i can't say much about how long it lasts, but it's very comfortable and seems to be good quality. the color that i got (gray) goes well with anything. very pleased with this band and how it fits on my 38mm watch, i'll probably buy more in different colors.
great!
it’s not a top grade leather to me but i really like it.  the red is a deep rich color.  i’m pleased.  price appropriate.
this is a high quality leather.  i have purchased three colors over time and they have held up beautifully.
i love the texture and durability of this band! this is just perfect. i’ve been wearing it every day for quite some time and i was worried about it getting dirty quickly.. well, it’s still suoer clean! i love the look of this.
i’ve had fullmosa bands for a week now and i’ve worn them every day. i simply love them! they are so classy and beautiful, the blue and red bands are vibrant and the quality of the materials are great! i was nervous about buying these bands because i’ve read poor reviews but i absolutely love my bands, no complaints whatsoever! i’m definitely buying more!
love it, was skeptical because it was cheap, but is amazing
this is my second band i would order again
great!!!
gorgeous golden/yellow color !
love ❤️ it
love the band. fits perfectly and looks like it came with my rose gold watch!
i bought the navy, brown, and black, for myself and my husband. we both love them and they truly “dress-up” our apple watches! we’ve had them for nearly 6 months without any issues. great price too!
slick design, mature. easy to put on. would order again.
i’ve had the same black band for well over a year now and it is still in excellent condition. i wear it pretty much every day. the only wear on it is the notch i normally l have it in. definitely a great purchase, will buy more colors.
i love leather and i like matching my bands to my outfits.
really nice bands, will buy more!
only has for a couple of weeks and happy so far.  i’m allergic to the silicone so this helps so i can wear the watch!
nice leather band for the price. i really like it.
excellent quality leather band.  looks great with my i watch.  tiffany blue color.  i have gotten many compliments and would definitely purchase another.
been using it for about a week now & i love it!! looks & feels great!!
the band looked great and was very easy to put on my new iwatch.  pleasantly surprised at the quality.  in fact, i like it so much, i bought two more.
looks exactly lie on the photo, the quality is good to. recommended.
this is my second time purchasing a watchband from here & they did not disappoint. the quality is great. looks & feel way more expensive than the price. definite a great value!
i was looking for a new watch band to match my black dress belt. this watch band matches the pebbling effect on my belt perfectly. i now use this watch band on weekdays for work and for business casual weekends. i especially like the gunmetal accents as well. it's my favorite new watch band for my iwatch.
good bands. just wish they were a little bit longer.
the watch band for my new 44mm apple watch is just beautiful!! the white and rose gold is so pretty and matches close enough to my gold tone watch. the bands do not feel too tight like the default bands, but are snug enough for securty and comfort. lays flat without looking awkward. and it looks exactly like the picture. ive ordered some that im like uuuh 🧐🤨😒🤷🏻‍♀️🤣
i absolutely love the product: the packaging and mainly the excellent quality of the the bands. they look great on my new 44mm apple watch 4. big thumbs up!
very nice cognac colored watch band
i've had this band for months and i love it! i've gotten so many compliments on it.
nice watch band.  tired of older plastic one that came with iwatch.  easy to install.  feels good on wrist.  would buy again.
good quality and is what expected.
https://www.amazon.com/dp/b06xjw748t/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0
appearance
my wife and i just bought new apple watches (series 4). with this being our first apple watch, we didn't have any additional bands from the previous watches (series 1-3)  to use — just the silicone straps that came with it. itching to get different straps right away, we ended up buying the black for me and the brown for her, and these straps fit the watch perfectly! to top it off, my wife has baby wrists and watch straps & bracelets are always a concern; but these straps fit her — albeit on the last hole — so she was ecstatic. they still somewhat need to be broken in, but nevertheless, they are really good quality. to top it off, these straps come with a spring bar tool even though they're not necessary to use with it. pretty handy tool if you have other watches you're constantly changing straps/bracelets for. will definitely be buying more of these straps!
such a pretty band and perfect for fall!
i really like this band. i’m impressed with the quality and durability. i accidentally wore it in the pool for my baby’s swim class. it didn’t come apart and dried out great.
love it!
ladies and gentlemen the search for a perfect band for your apple watch is over. i’ve always loved the official apple watch bands especially the classic buckles. my classic buckle was becoming worn down and sadly they no longer make them with apple(as of now) i can find some on ebay or from 3rd party sellers for 100+.. that’s a deal breaker for me! these bands are amazing. i bought one(brown) and then i went ahead and bought two more so i can swap the bands to match what i decide to wear! i’m very slim.. 120lbs to be exact so my wrist are small. i am showing you the new series 4 44mm stainless steel model watch with the band. a match made in heaven, the quality of the band and texture is just beautiful for what you pay. i couldn’t have asked for anything better. fullmosa bands are great. don’t hesitate! i believe reading reviews are important and just like you now i read reviews and decided to buy this band. stop reading and buy this now! same day shipping? yes please!
cant let you know about durability because i haven't had it long enough. but it's soft, pliable and comfortable. happy to own it!
i can only hope for 5 star durability and versatility.
nice
great for the price! love the color and for. not too stiff and feels comfortable! loved the packaging!
this is a very nice high quality band. just what i was looking for. it adds a elegant look to my series 3 iwatch
loved this watch band for my apple watch
love it on my 44mm series 4
not the best quality
i love this watch band. i have already bought in white and red. would highly recommend this product to all.
good
i’m loving this, awesome quality totally recomendable.
fits my 44mm perfect and looks
great looking band
i love the yellow color ! can’t rate durability as i’ve only had it for a couple of days. i’m
the watchband is very nice & has a nice feel to it.  it is more of a gold color and not yellow but it is a very pretty color.  it was easy to put on so i feel like i may order more so i will have a variety of colors to wear.
fits series 4 44mm just fine. looks sharp. genuine leather watch strap for fraction of cost of an apple band.
nice
this is a quality product. it earned 5 stars
omgosh yassss the white , black, and red on stainless steel is a go!
this watchband has good quality and is durable. it is comfortable and is easy to put on the watch and take off.
just like the picture
perfect fit!
beautiful watch band. very nice quality leather and it fits my tiny wrist well!
just a bit snug on a large frame like me, but usable.
good
i purchased this item in white and navy. it’s very nice and sleek. it’s not the most expensive but i don’t require it to be. i exercise a lot so my sports band is my go to band. i think these are perfect for dressing my watch up when i go out. as usual amazon never disappoints.
i've worn this for a day and so far, i'm very impressed.  the leather quality is good, the band is well designed and comfortable right out of the box, and i like the buckle.  very easy to get on and off the apple watch and it can be dressed up or down.  i had bought a red one and liked it so much i bought two more.  for the price, this is a no-brainer.
looks great.  will update if issues arise
matches my rose gold iwatch perfectly!
first class product plus great shipping, highly recommend.
really i like it
wife's happy
was very  satisfied wit my purchase thank you
so far this inexpensive  apple watch band has help up well. the band feels good and looks good and has not shown any immediate signs of wear-and-tear, so the engineering is precise.good product
slightly lower quality than the authentic one but well worth the price compared to the $200 apple wants. especially at a glance you can’t tell the difference. one annoying thing is the magnetic clasp will stick to metal your wrist is close to but i enjoy the adjustability
this milanese loop is fantastic! i own the apple oem milanese loop and this one is very comparable in overall quality and magnet strength. do not hesitate, save yourself $150 and buy this band right now!
i've been looking for the band that matches with the new gold color in series 4. this band color is not pink, is not gold-yellow is just the perfect match to my series 4! it fits very good and easy when attached to the watch case. the magnetic piece is strong enough to hold the band to my wrist. i will definitively use it very often. please sale more colors!
i thought: "how the heck could a ~$10 band compete with apple's $150 band?" i mean, seriously, how? well it competes pretty well. if you hold them side by side, you can feel the higher quality of the apple brand's band. but if you hold the apple band in the morning then hold this tirnga band a few hours later in the evening, then you'd probably swear that they are identical bands.
i must have a odd size wrist.  the watch band that came with my 42mm apple3 watch was "almost" the right size.  i bought three other bands, on line - and they all "almost" fit.  i when i saw this magnetic band it made sense - endless size options.  i works, magnet is really strong and my watch doesn't run down my wrist all day.  very happy!
got this case for christmas and am highly pleased.  fits my ipad perfectly; has a handsome, sturdy look to it.  very pleased with the system with the velcro that allows you to set the screen at virtually any angle when you use it as a stand.  adds very little extra heft to the ipad - not enough to cause any inconvenience.  in fact, the device is actually easier and more comfortable to hold in my hand with this case in place compared to using my ipad with no case as i had been doing.  so far i have found absolutely no faults to the case.  i wonder just a bit whether i will eventually see some wear and problems where the case folds over -- but no sign of that at this point.  suspect i will be on to another device before that becomes a problem.
did not expect a band using such high quality materials at this price point.  the fine steel links are intricately woven together in a way that conforms to every ridge and subtle shape of my wrist and the magnetic clasp is very convenient.  it adjusts to the exact position you want it to for an exact fit.
arrived well packed in a timely manner. fits ipad air 2 well and all buttons are accessible and the camera is not impeded. i put a glass screen protector on the front, although, when closed it is well protected by the case. the ipad sits snugly in an inner frame, and a slightly larger outer cover protects the edges and corners from surface contact if bumped or dropped. there is a magnetic closure which hold the cover shut firmly, although it will open with not too much force if pulled. the magnet also turns off/on the ipad when it is closed/opened.there is an elastic strap on the back with velcro which allows adjustment, this allows holding more securely in your hand. the viewing angle and support is infinitely adjustable with a strong velcro attachment. this is only adjustable in the landscape horizontal angle, and not the picture vertical angle. all in all it was what i expected. i can not yet speak to how well it will help up over time, but for now it seems well made, fits well, is protective, and very usable.
this cover and stand are fabulous. i like to use my ipad sitting on the couch or laying on the bed. this cover has endless viewing angles due to the heavy duty velcro legs that securely keep it where you put it. the other bonus is the hand strap that you can use to hold it while viewing or strap it around a car seat for the kiddies to use in the car. all pertinent buttons are not covered by this case so it's easy to quickly use them. no feeling around for them. the back side which the ipad is snugly fitted to is about a1/4 inch larger so that if you bumped into something while walking with it, the case would take the hit. not the ipad. this is not a skinny flimsy case nor was i looking for one. i need a secure stand and a case that protects. this case does it all.
i've gotta say, when i first purchased this product, i was skeptical on the quality for being a $10 ($9.97 at the time of purchase) band, but after using it for a couple days, it's great!
good construction and price.  i think my aluminum apple watch looks very nice with the new band attached.
this zugu case fits both the ipad air & ipad air2 very nicely and all the openings sit perfectly lined up to everything. the ipad slides into a generous protective sleeve thru a velcro-enclosed opening on the inside binding. (it took a while for me to figure out how to put it in, which is why i'm mentioning it.) i feel much more confident about the security of my ipad than i was was with cases that have the plastic snap-in shells.
i was expecting the watch-band in plastic. the box, included screwdriver, and charming card were a really nice touch, and i'm super-happy with the band itself.
the color and quality of this band are great, especially for the price. but the only thing that really bothers me is that it does not sit flush with my gold aluminum 40mm series 4 watch. see photos. the clasp in the photo shows that it is a round clasp but mine came in the shape as the original milanese loop band, straighter edged (which i am happy about).
great band for a great price.  easy to take on and off even with a protective case over my watch and i love the way it looks.  got a rose gold for the lady and she’s loving hers too.  it does not look or feel cheap either and you definitely can’t argue the price.
i am actually using my i pad air twice as much as i used to just because of the versatility and comfort of the zugu case. who ever designed it has all the right points covered. the extra feature is to get rid of the glare!!! how many times are you in a plane or at home, and the glare is killing you! with zugu you can safely angle your i pad to the perfect view. also the case is sturdy and has a grip on it. the sides make it hold its place where you set it. i can't imagine anything else i could ask from a case! just add a blue tooth keyboard and the plot thickens!  i can set the i-pad at the perfect angle, on top of my purse or briefcase, close by and type away, not concerned about the whole thing falling apart and breaking!
this band works fine, and it definitely won’t fall off your wrist. the ends fit the slots in the watch accurately. i see that in the description above, they refer to the "iwatch." nobody, but nobody calls it that! calling it an "iwatch" makes you look like a doofus, so let's get that fixed, guys!
i waited a few months to write this review awesome brand like the color and how easy it is to take off..i don’t know if you can get this wet without having a problem but i’ve gotten it wet from washing my hands and also forgetting to take it off once in the shower.. no rusting.
this was my second purchase after 9 months.  the first one held well and never felt loose or insecure. eventually lost some shine and decided to purchase one more to replace the old one. fits well in the aw and looks very elegant. magnate is very strong and the band feels secure.
i had a zugu case for my ipad2 and loved it so when i needed to get another case for my ipad air i knew i couldn't go wrong with their cases. i was deciding between this case and the cheaper $29.99 case by zugu but i went with this one because it was a close match to my previous case.  currently it appears to have been upgraded a little bit by making the case a little bigger than the ipad just in case it does get dropped the ipad is secured in side with 3/8 to 1/2 inch buffer around the case.  the only problem so far is that i notice that the ipad doesn't turn off when i close it. i have to push the top of the power button to make it go to sleep.
pretty good for a little bit, i think the silver version of this band would probably hold up a little bit better since the color started to fade off of this one pretty quickly, the magnet is not as strong as i would like, but it is doable if you intend to where the band and not do anything that is too highly active.  i recommend getting only the silver color that might be a little more durable in  stead of any of the anodized colors.  but for the money it’s ok
i love this case; it fits my ipad air perfectly. i spent a lot of time shopping for the "right" case here on amazon and i am completely satisfied with the zugu case. i specifically wanted a case that allowed me to fully adjust the angle of the screen and this does just that. the velcro strips allow you to position the screen exactly where you want it. plus the case stays closed by itself, but there is an additional strap that you can stretch around it to secure it completely if you prefer. it's a great quality case and i would definitely recommend it to others. be sure to note that the case leaves the edges open so if you want a case that completely encloses your ipad this wouldn't be the case for you.
i just received this band in the mail and am already in love. i previously had the sport band watch, and found this one on amazon and wanted to try it out. i purchased the silver band for the 38mm watch (i have the original series 1) and it was extremely easy to switch. i was a bit afraid since my wrists tend to be on the small size (on the sport band, i use the 2nd to smallest notch), and was hesitant to order, because i wasn't sure how this band would adjust. luckily, it fits! the magnetic band is extremely easy to adjust, but also stays put without shifting the watch. it feels a lot more comfortable than the sport band - my wrist and skin can actually breathe!
i bought this about six months ago and wanted to give it a fair trial before writing a review.  it's great!  yes, it adds some weight to the device, but the protective padding has saved me from an ipad disaster on a couple of occasions.  i found it very easy to insert the ipad, leaving all the important ports open and available..  my only negative is that any icon that is at the top in the corners may be hard to touch if you have short chubby fingers like me, but in general i can deal with it..
i bought one similar to this from another manufacturer. the magnet wasn’t strong enough so the band would loosen allowing the watch to move around. i purchased this and received this morning. i’ve had it one day and it is comfortable and the magnet is strong enough that when it place the band where i want it, it stays. my wife asked how i liked it. told her and she asked if i would order her one. she doesn’t know it but already ordered it. i recommend this band to everyone.
perfect design for an 2017 ipad 5 or any other tablet.  this perfect design include the main flap that can be pulled over to protects the ipad screen from being shattered when you move the ipad around and a pullout stand from the back that can be used to adjust the angle anywhere from 10 degrees to almost 90 degrees, that is incredible design that noone before thought about it, except for zoogue.
works great.  i like the adjustable stand.  replaced an old uag case.  i liked the uag, but am happier with this one.  i really like that you can set it at any angle between 0-90°  because of the velcro.  i'm taller than most so sometimes the limited selection of angles don't work for me.
form meets function in this great little case.  its charms include infinite settings/ angles for screen viewing (thanks to its unique velcro placement), a strap that's handy for holding while in use or securing case for travel, protected edges/corners, and lastly, it's lightweight yet solid enough to offer some real protection for your device.  don't fret that it only comes in black.  it's so cool, trendy colors would only detract from its inherent coolness.*
replaced an old broken down case by the same maker that was a gift. zoogue offered to replace it free of charge when i mentioned it broke, but i liked the old case so much and didn't know what i'd be getting if i returned the old one. figured i'd rather used the busted up one i liked so much than a newer possibly lesser version.  well, if this was the case i was going to get i blew it, lol!
got the space grey band. feels and looks good. easily worth the price so far (only had it for a few days now). only complaint is that if you're a perfectionist, where the band meets the display, it is not perfect fit. slight gaps between the two pieces while wearing it, and also wiggles back and forth. again, for the price, it's totally fine. it's still locked in place and it's not noticeable unless you're staring at it.
great quality band for the money.  easy to install and feels very comfortable.  the leather is a bit thicker than the average watchband, and has more of a natural or nubuck kind of finish to it (not polished or super smooth), and i like that.  no objectionable chemical smell; it smells like leather.  the stitching is a sort of off-white color and looks good.  the buckle is a little on the large side for me, but that's a matter of taste.  i have average sized wrists and it fits me on the 4th hole of the strap, leaving three more holes.  so if you have large wrists, this may not fit your arm.
when i received this watch band i thought i made a mistake in ordering but i have come to love the magnetic link which is easy to take off and put back on.  much easier than a buckle.  sheer genius...
good band but just a little too thin for my taste. quality is good! magnetics to hold the band in very good. strong magnet. i'll wear this if i'm coaching soccer or if you are running and don't wanna take a chance of my watch falling off, this one is good. style wise, it looks thin. i don't wear it for any other reason. just for necessity of the situation. i wear other watch bands to match what i wear or to match my shoes.
update:  (5/3/2016).  i just want to reiterate how much i like this case.  after almost 9 months of use, i have not found any problems with the case or stand.  i always am able to find a position that suits the situation.  it does a great job of protecting my ipad.
uber high quality band. i downsized my watch and can’t afford to replace the very expensive apple milanese band. this band is every bit as beautiful and classy-looking.
when we bought her ipad air 2, we wanted a case that highlighted the slightness of the ipad, so we got a magnetic one that covered the screen. unfortunately over time, the case became very easy to dislodge from the tablet, and also too floppy to prop the tablet up.
i just received my band in the mail. i was skeptical when order since it was only $10 and similar bands cost around $60. i was not disappointed though. the band matches the watch color perfectly, it is light weight, and most importantly very sturdy. the magnet stays in place and does not move. it is stylish and not overly bulky like the bands that come with the apple watch. i would recommend this for anyone with an apple watch. you truly cannot beat the price for the quality of the product you receive.
i've tried several different cases for my ipad air and this one is by far the best of all of them.  i've been using the case for quite awhile and it has held up very well.  it still looks new and i am not a delicate user.  i especially love the easel feature and use it daily.  the easel makes on-screen typing so much easier to do than when the ipad is lying flat.  i worried that the velcro tabs used to form the easel would collect lint, dirt and general grime but that hasn't been the case.  the velcro still looks new as well.  i highly recommend this case to every ipad user.
just got this yesterday, but already loving it. where the apple version is $150, this one is a steal at $10. fits my watch perfectly, and looks great on my wrist.
this is the only case you will ever need! when folded up the screen is well protected. i throw it in my handbag and go. case is sturdy and well made. i love the choice of multiple positions and that it stays put no matter what. i already own this case and absolutely love it. this second purchase is a gift for my husband. the leather is so nice to handle and warm unlike other plastic cases out there that are cold and can crack. i honestly can't find any flaws with its design and my case has had a lot of use.
it has now been one month now of constant use that this zoogue case has protected my ipad air 2.  fabulous.  love the various ways that the case can hold up my tablet.  i am an artist and use my ipad photos for reference sometimes.  this is a very sturdy case made out of real leather.  yes, it did cost more than other cases on amazon, but the quality and construction of the case is well worth the money.  old adage...."you get what you pay for".  i highly recommend this product.
best band ever!!! super comfortable! great price! looks good! initial quality was spot on! after a few months it started showing some wear and tear not much. however today i had a little ring pop. eventually i can see it catching on my clothes so i ordered another. however even if i have to buy 2 a year it still is a phenomenal deal!!!
great watch band. i bought this as a replacement band for my apple watch. very easy to replace/install. and the band doesn’t catch or snag fabric, holds securely. i’m really happy with the quality and look of this band. shipping was quick and easy.
i love my new watch band! i've been using the standard stock band that comes with the watch. i've always thought that it had kind of an athletic feel to the stock band. this sleek metal band adds some style and edge to an already awesome gadget. the magnet is super strong, and never really needs any adjustment once you put it in place. never had any concern of the watch falling off my hand either. the best part... fractions off the price of the original, and looks great!
i bought this case for my brand new ipad air 2 because i have owned an ipad 2 for 4 years and it was time to upgrade.
had the original case genius on the ipad 1, got another for the ipad 2 and its still looks good after years of service. with the history i've had with zoogue i was online within mins of purchasing my ipad air and ordered the same case i have come to love and can't imagine using my ipad without.
the best case ever!  wow is all i can say!  this case fits my ipad air as snug as a bug in a rug!  it's very good quality.  what i love about it is the stand part and the velcro allows you to angle it at any degree, which is perfect for when you lay down, sit up, etc.  the only downer of the one thing i don't much care for is the velcro on the back when folded flat can snag on your clothes if you aren't careful.  i am more cautious now, but learned a lesson!  i would buy this for every ipad in the house!
i'll admit i was super skeptical. but when this thing showed up it far exceeded my expectations. of course it's not up to the quality of the apple equivalent, but it's also not $150. great hold on the magnet, great look, and solid construction. i would have be happy paying triple what i paid.
this watch band looks like it costs over ten times as much as it does. the best compliment i can give is that i don't even feel it when i wear it. because of the magnetic strap i can not only put on my watch quickly, but i can adjust the tightness down to the millimeter. with the standard watch band the distance between two of the holes could be enough to be annoying.
this case is exactly what i have been looking for! i love the fact that it is so adjustable and you can set it up at any angle. i guess my only complaints would be that when the case is closed, some of the velcro edges stick out a little and catch on clothing. i have to be careful because i have gotten a couple of pulls in some sweaters. and i wish it came in more colors! other than that, this case offers good protection and it is very versatile.
just started wearing the band. it not only looks great, but i can also wear it while working out and running. i really like how quickly it dries, a problem with the loop or sports bands i own. overall, for the price and function this is an excellent buy.
the band looks great. i was concerned about how well the magnet would hold, but am please at how firm it is. my watch stays in place and does not get too loose.
i did a lot of online searching for a decent case for my new ipad air 2. this one caught my attention as it had most of the features i was looking for & had lots of positive reviews. this case is well made & the velcro system works perfectly. love the number of different angle positions unlike my old ipad 2 case which only had 3. this fits the ipad air 2 snugly & the sleep/wake function works fine. all the appropriate openings line up well & the case is not very bulky. i'm not sure how the hinged section (where you fold back to use the stand) will hold up over time but overall the case is well made so hopefully it won't be a problem. my only small negative is the velcro strap on the back overlaps and curls at the end which is a bit annoying. depending on whether i use this function or not i may just end up trimming back, no big deal though. overall i absolutely love the design & am so glad i made the purchase.
these are a little pricey but  a very satisfying product. purchased one for my wife and father. having previously owned a cheap ipad case i would encourage people that can afford this product to buy one. i like the way it can be set at different angles; it has a very solid feel. the saying "you get what you pay for applies to this product!" the only thing i don't like is that the jack for my headphones don't connect thru the cutout for them. my earbuds do, but my headphones don't.
this is a gorgeous looking band. i've received numerous compliments and as someone who has a small wrist, i appreciate the adjustability. i've showered with the hand on numerous occasions and the band has not degraded in quality. highly recommended someone looking for a band that is sporty, high quality and not too "fancy".
first off, this band is very nice quality, leather is nice, buckle is nice.  my only gripe is thought the stitching was white but its actually more of a yellowish color.  i will probably keep it but would 10x better if the stitching was white.
i had purchased this brand case when my old one fell apart on my old ipad. when i purchased a new ipad, i didn't bother looking at any other cases, i looked to see if they had one in this brand that would fit. they did and it fits great!!!  highly recommend. i now have one for an ipad 2 and ipad 5.
i took five years of heavy daily use to wear out my first zoogue case.  well...actually, i wore out my ipad2 that it was in, and upgraded to the ipad air2, and thus my need for a new one.  everything i liked in the first one, with some improvements that i wouldn't have thought of, as i could not find fault with my last one.  i will be back for more for every tablet i get, and recommend you do the same!  quality construction and protection for your tablet investment
i love the new zugu case. it's everything that i wanted. i made the mistake of buying another one first and it just didn't work as it covered places on the ipad and i couldn't touch certain areas without pushing the cover back. this one is great though. i have full access to the entire screen and can angle the screen in almost limitless positions . i also love the "wake/sleep" feature when opening/closing the case. great looking case as well. very happy! thanks for a great product!
be aware zoogue has sold two different designs of this case from this amazon web page, so many of the reviews prior to early 2015 will be of the older design.  this review is of the current 2015 version of the case.
despite some conflicting answers to the questions of fit, the fact: this fits the ipad air 2 perfectly. i took some photos and had zero shadowing around the lens, and the velcro positioning is very adjustable. since it only supports the landscape view, i am slightly frustrated, but the description does not mislead. wish zoogue would design a cover that adjusts for portrait also.
it is sometimes hard to touch the corner of the screen as the ipad slips a bit in the case sometimes.  its ok and good quality other than that.
i had the metal band on my original series 1 watch and i loved it so much i transferred it to my new series 4. it was showing its age and had lost a part of the magnet so i wanted a replacement. this band looks and feels like the original and costs a fraction of the cost. i liked it so much i ordered a second one for my dad.
only had a few days so i can't testify to the long-term durability but the fit is great, construction seems well done. i was afraid the buckle would be too large based on photos but it looks just fine, even on my small wrists. i like the fact that extra screws and a screwdriver were included in the event than any come loose or are lost. nice touch. overall, hard to beat for the price, i will be ordering another in the brown color.
6/6/2017 update
this is a nice band, just received it today -- i'm wearing the black steel milanese band with an apple watch 4 and it looks great. plus, the magnet is lock tight. hasn't slid and loosened. not bad for less than $10.
before i received my order i got an email informing me of possible wear an tear with the band.  what to look out for.  providing the tools with my order to adjust and work on anything i might need to get done.  the tools could easily be sold as an additional order to my original order, but no!  they provided me with the tools i might need!  excellent band for my apple watch!!!  will buy more!
the band is as advertised.  i didn’t give it a 5 star on my own bias that any sort of arm hair will be promptly caught in the band.  ouch!
i have like 20 bands and this is my favorite so far! i needed something sleek and simple to go with a more professional attire. sometimes i worry that my watch is too casual looking but i feel like this band helps with that. love the magnetic too.
fits pretty awesome doesn’t move shake the magnet keeps it pretty soild stays where i set it, i’ve got a small wrist so i was a bit concerned with the firmament but it fits on my wrist and my buddy’s wrist an he’s got a chunky wrist so wide range for users other then that thin don’t feel it on my wrist sleek..
this is very good quality band. i was surprised at how good the band fits on the watch. i have a lot of aftermarket apple watch bands, and it's usually hit or miss as to whether or not the lugs on the band will fit snugly. this band fits as well as an oem apple watch band. it is also very comfortable. i expect this band to last for a long time.
ok so i have had my zoogue ipad case for just over a month. this case is great. it protects the ipad very well. the corners are protected. the case it self looks very professional and has the automatic turn on when you open it up. the stand is very easy to use. if you want a case that looks good and protects your ipad then this is a case for you.
this is hands down the best case i've ever had. the velcro stand makes almost any reading position possible. i'm going to get another for my spouse's ipad pro 9.7. i am kinda looking at the executive brand for him but i'm not sure how they could improve much on this model to substantiate the price. the edges are well protected and all openings on the ipad such as camera, speakers, controls are fully accessible.
this is my 4th case by zoogue including my wife's ipad mini. it is well made gives great protection and with your hand underneath the rubber strap its unlikely that it will fall out of your hands (i had another case, was bumbed into and the pad fell craking the glass). i saw an earlier entry that this case does not fit the ipad air 2. i had not trouble getting the ipad into the case and getting the camera to be unblocked.
great band! magnet was stronger then expected. really improves the overall aesthetic of the entire watch. i almost want to purchase a second just to have a spare. so nice! this is my first day with it but i’ll revise this review if any complications occur.
this is the best ipad case i have found anywhere. the velcro securely holds the ipad at any angle. i bought a couple for my older parents who frequently use their ipads in bed or on bedside tables. most other cases couldn't keep the ipad at a suitable angle or were so flimsy they would fall over. no these. they stay put, but also fold down easily. extremely pleased.
i have always owned fossil watches, but wanted an apple watch. when i purchased my apple watch, i stopped wearing my fossil. when i started looking for a band that was more watch like and came across this one. i am in love! i coach, play, everything with this band because i refuse to change it. i am going to purchase the brown band so that i can match it with my clothing. great craftsmanship.
absolutely love it! i have a really small wrist but this fit perfect and you can adjust to anything. makes the watch look super sleek and it’s comfy, magnet on it is durable. highly recommend!
as good as the original.
i really like it compared to the flimsy one i had. i use it mostly on my lap in my recliner so i love all of the different angles i can adjust it to. it is everything everyone says about it such as it is very well made and everything lines up correctly.
excellent replacement for the original rubber sportsband that came with the watch. this is the second one for this watch. the first one lasted 3 years after the finish wore off.
i love this case! always used otter box before which is also great but heavier/bulkier.  i got a screen protector with this case and am happy to say it has survived some drops with no damage. love the ease of having the lightweight stand built in.  love that it isn't as bulky as the otter box.  also love the price!
i've been through too many to count ipad covers over the years.  best cover for anyone over the age of dropping the ipad into a body of water or throwing it across the room.  i haven't dropped it (yet, but now i likely will), but it seems like it would be safe from the distance of normal sitting height.  will update when i drop it.  if.
an excellent case - may seem to be a little "pricey" compared to others on the market, but this one is well worth the money.  it looks good, the ipad fits easily inside it and all the buttons are readily accessible, and the stand is a great feature because there are infinite positions to use.
oh my!  i love this case.  i tried 5 cases before this and returned them all because they had a fit issue or they were not strong enough to protect my ipad!  love it.  i'm ordering another one for my backup ipad!
this band is exactly what i expected. the magnetic band is strong and does not come unclasped. the point you need to keep in mind this is magnetic....if you have a metal chair and you rest your arm on it, it will stick. magnetic white boards are entertaining....just be aware if you purchase this band, the magnet is good.
this a great case. very sturdy and protects the ipad well. what really was the deciding factor was the ability to have any view angle i want with the velcro setup. other cases have set inclines which don't work well and various situations. the viewing angles allows work at range on heights which is great. the hand strap is a bonus as we use the ipad to music demos alot and come in very handy.
great band. looks fantastic and the price is right. i love the big contrasting stitching.  this is in the small print but they include the small screwdriver (and a few extra screws).  this allows you to take the band off the band adapters which permits you to use any regular watch band. so a pretty excellent surprise!
this apple watch band is amazing. it adds character and style to the apple watch. i absolutely love it and recommend it to anyone who wears an apple watch. i have included a photo to illustrate it.
i have not taken it off since i bought it. magnet it very strong. great quality for an awesome price. will be buying other colors for sure.
exactly the same band that apple wants you to buy for 200 bucks, i know this because i tried it at apple's indianapolis store. get this one instead
it holds just like it says, nicely, but the velcro catches on all my clothing and pulls the threads out. the company contacted me with a new case that uses magnets instead of velcro, and asked if i wanted a replacement. they sent a new case and i love it.
is a great case,love the fact that i can adjust angle anywhere i want.i didn't give it a 5 only because the area notched out for finger print is just a little too small,doesn't allow me to get enough of my thumb on it.other than that is awesome!!!!
was very pleasantly surprised with the comfort and quality... the magnet clasp can be a little annoying as it tends to get "tangled up" when putting the watch on but once it's secured fits well and feels surprisingly good.
it looks great and works great too.  it is also comfortable.  good value for the money and i would recommend this band.
this case has worked really well for me because of the adjustable angles. my only criticism and reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that the velcro on the outside of the case when it is closed catches on my clothes. otherwise it is sturdy and fits my new ipad air perfectly.
i love this watch band; it looks just like the apple original, is comfortable, and the magnetic clasp stays put and doesn't slip.
good generic band. hopefully it will last. i like the style options the apple watch gives you with all these bands.
i love this case!  i had one for my original ipad, and it was time to upgrade.  we now have an ipad air and this case fit perfectly.  its a bit thinner then the first version, but still protective.  the best thing about the case is that you can set it to stand up in any position, and it never slips - this is because of the super strong velcro.  if you need a protective case that allows any standing position, this is the case for you.
if you're reading this, just buy this band! it is the perfect band for an apple watch. it's comfortable and never ever comes unclasped.
would be better if the latching magnet end couldn't fit through the part that attaches to the watch,  it does and then you are lest to look for that little part.
i like this design better than other milanese bands, you don’t have to take it apart to take it off, big perk! might be a little large for smaller wrists though!
product is very nice, looks like the real thing, the magnet is extremely strong, stronger than what i was expecting. only thing to be warned about is if you wear long sleeve shirts the fibers attach to the watch band for some reason and pull on the shirt fibers.
i first used this case on my 1st ipad and when i upgraded to the ipad air 2 this case was a no brainer. i love the protection and the infinite angle adjustment. although a newer version just came out, i opted to save the money and purchase the cheaper older version. :-)
i love this case. i've been using it for 5 months and want to get another one for my older ipad. it's sturdy that even my 2 yr old toddler can used without me worrying that he'll drop and break the ipad. i love the multiple viewing angles and i've used it in the car many of times as well (for the toddler). best case i've ever owned and i've owned at least 4 different cases.
this is actually the forth case i purchased for my ipad air. the zugu case is an incredible buy at this (or any) price. it's made of beautiful, rich leather and it works like a dream. judging by the quality of the case, i would assume it will last years and years, look no further!!
great value and sleek looks. the only reason i didn't give it a 5 was because it snags my shirts or other cloth materials.
this is a great case for the ipad air 2.  it is well made and attractive, not to mention it is very user friendly.  i would recommend this to anybody needing a case for their ipad.
would not recommend this if you wear other jewelry with it or work using a computer. it magnets to everything.
this is the only case i would ever consider using for my ipad. this is my third one: the first was for my first ipad, which when i replaced it, i bought a newer model, so i needed a new-sized case. this one is for my son's ipad. these cases are so sturdy and flexible of use that it makes it the only reasonable case to protect the iinvestment!
well made band that is a exact match to the watch. very comfortable to wear and catch is very secure.
i like this band the magnet is cool but is a pain at times when taking it off because it sticks but that’s really not an issue it’s lightweight and looks nice!
the original case sent was a disappointment at best. however a new case was shipped over promptly. it is a different model and seems to be have been designed better. not as protective as i had in mind while buying the original case but does the job.
this watch band looks like it costs over ten times as much as it does. the best compliment i can give is that i don't even feel it when i wear it. because of the magnetic strap i can not only put on my watch quickly, but i can adjust the tightness down to the millimeter. with the standard watch band the distance between two of the holes could be enough to be annoying.
very good. the magnet works with no problem and feels very strong. i have this one for casual situations and weekend days.
this is a nice option for a more professional looking iwatch. magnet works great and easy to change out!
this band is so awesome! it is exactly as the $200 one at the apple stores. the only complain i have is that the magnet doesn’t hold it completely and it is a little loose, however nothing too bad. it feels and looks exactly as the apple band loop. i a, so glad i bough this , i just hope it doesn’t fall and the magnet attaches to my watch always.
it did not come with much instructions but once i figured it out, it was so simple.  i have only had it a few days, but i can see how well made it is and feel it will hold up.  i do wish it came in colors or patterns and not just the boring black.
great price and easy to install and remove. it's just as good as apple's own watchband..
love it
i love this band! the magnet is amazing and the links are very durable. definitely a must have for anyone who wants an apple watch band that doesn’t sweat as much as the rubber ones that come with the apple watch.
nice simple swap out of bands- didn't need the included tools. wish i had gotten the brown one, as the black leather looks very similar to the rubber sports band that i got with the watch. not super high quality threading, but a nice sturdy band for an affordable price.
i have had several cases for my ipad. by far; this one is the best! excellent quality and workmanship; and stands up exactly as shown-no sliding it into little slots. it never falls! great, great product!
apple watch band has been held up well. i've used for 3 weeks. some reviewers have said that the coloring of the band wears off, leaving silvery spots. but i've not noticed this yet. so far, the coloring on this space gray band is holding up well. and the space gray color matches the watch accurately. i'm probably going to order another color as well.
omg! this is a great case. i have an ipad air 2 and it fits like a glove. very protective. the velcro is a very strong type and will last a long time. the corners are protected well. the shell is not flimsy at all. i would highly recommend this case.
looks great, feels great, works great!  i’m so happy i bought this! only regret is not buying it sooner.
a very nice case.  it offers good protection, and is very well made.  the best part about this case is the adjustable stand.  you can set it at any angle you want instead of using a few slots like other cases do.  the customer support is also great.  i had initially rated this poorly because on the first case i received the sleep/wake function didn't work.  the company contacted me and sent me a new case which works fine.
just a case that opens like a book and protects without usless hanging goodies that i would never use. for example, when you close the case the ipad does not shut down the computer like some other cases do. this case gives the user the opportunity to choose on or off. making choices for me is very annoying,
purchasing this case was a great choice for my ipad air ii. it is beautifully engineered and functional. the infinitely adjustable tilt (using velcro) makes adjusting for comfortable viewing angle quite simple.
great band for the price. i haven't compared it to the "real" one, but i'm completely pleased with this one.
love the subtle gold color which goes well with the aluminum apple watch.
i love this band. looks great and is comfortable. if your wrist is under six inches, this magnetic band will be too big for you.
i love this case because it stays put, does not slip, when standing up. and the infinite stand up positions. this was a purchase for someone else. i’m using one that i purchased several years ago and it still looks new. it is well made and sturdy and has protected my ipad several times when it fell on the floor. the only con is there is no way to stand up in portrait mode.
love it looks like one you can buy out of the apple story for $199.00, so always by it thru them!!!
love this watch band i have the gucci one also i like this one better my advice buy them both
bought one before and seemed cheap. this was is very comfy and has a better feel.
case fits well and functions well. can easily adjust angle because the velcro is continuous. the material is well-made. my kids can operate the case well (have young kids, ages 3 through 8) and it is very light material so it doesn't add weight to the ipad.
this is a good case,very rugged and practical.there was a slight problem,easily fixed.but the owner,decided that wasn't good enough.
very nice looking band, easy to put on and take off!!!  easy to use and great fit.
indistinguishable from the $50 apple model. has the weight of a much higher grade model and works like a charm.
love! it works great! had to get a second one for my hubbie! i just wish it came in more colors than just black.
this is my 5th band now including the one that came with the apple watch. it's my absolute favorite. strong, chunky, and comfortable. it's built to last. i think this band will out last the watch and it looks awesome!!
this is a great band, the only problem i have is the magnet sticks to everything. but that means it is secure for your watch.
looks really good. lets see how long it lasts.
a very nice, durable, and practical ipad case.  over time i've purchased three for personal use.  highly recommend it.
everyone keeps complimenting me on this band and they keep assuming it cost a lot of money. very happy.
this is an excellent cover! best one i ever had!  it is not only a great design but it offers the best protection you could have for your ipad. i love ever feature....stands up perfectly. buy it ...you won't regret it!
bought this for my husband, he likes it! fast shipping, product as described
this is a very good quality watch band. definitely will get another in a different color
i love this case it really is ver sturdy, i like the fact that the velcro really keep it steady and in place. i would have given it 5 stars but because the only color it came in is in black. i would really have liked other colors.
easy to install, comfortable to wear, easily adjustable; an excellent buy.
this is the best case i have seen for the ipad air 2. it fit very snug. i see what the other user saw in the camera cutout, however, i did not see a difference with the pictures. i love also how light but professional it looks. very impressed. took awhile to get this, but well worth the wait. thank you!
the best case i've found. allows for many different views and angles while still protecting your ipad. only recommendation would be to add another hole in the front cover to use the outside camera with the case open.
this is a great watch band, but it took some getting used to. because it is a magnet, it attracts anything magnetic. it stays on my wrist very well, despite every attempt to break free though.
exactly what my headline says. it looks, feels and works just like the milanese from the apple store but for a fifth of the cost.
it is perfect!  he loved it! the velcro is super sturdy and the elastic is high quality.  the actual case is not super thick so very clean and lean looking.
best case ever, never falls flat, can position in any view and it stays put!  i have bought 4 or 5 cases and have lays been beyond frustrated with them slipping down.  soooo happy to have a very protective, sturdy case for my ipad air 2
i've had the cover a few months and it is holding up well.  dropped it many times and it has protected ipad flawlessly.  love the stand portion and it very well constructed.
needed a replacement band for a similar product. nice strong magnet and clean look.
for the price it’s really good.  the edge is slightly rougher than what you get at the apple store but it’s still fine.  it looks good.
finally someone got it right. this is my seventh ipad case... the only one i ever kept was the $90.00 silcutt leather case, it recently gave up the ship (corner broke off and would no longer hold the tablet securely. ,
love this case for my ipad .  it adjust really well to different angles and seems very heavy duty
this is hands-down the best ipad cover i've ever owned. it's leather so it won't crack if i drop it (like my previous otter box cover). it's attractive and it's incredibly versatile with many positions available.
this case was so much better than expected. very sturdy. bought this for my 12 year old and i was afraid he would hate it because it's not a rotating stand, but he loves it!
i love it!  it was everything they said.  it has made my i pad so much easier to use. the case is easy to put on the i pad and it fits it like a glove. i would buy it again and highly recommend it.
great replacement band.
i love the band it’s light weight and comfy
great band for apple watch! looks very fancy!
searched high and low... this is really sturdy, stands very well, at any angle! we have 3 little yorkies, and they like to jump back and forth over my ipad, and this case stands up very well! and great for traveling as well! no more frustration of the case slipping!
looks great.  feels like profissional quality and fits perfectly.
based on other reviews, i purchased two, one me and one for my wife. it was a smart decision because, although it is not real leather, it is a quality product that fits our ipads like a glove. you will not be disappointed.
this is very comfortable and looks great on.  so pleased with this band.
i like it better than the stock band that comes with the watch
not to regurgitate what has already been said and will leave this as just a very satisfying product that functions amazingly well and we are completely satisfied tying a favorable review and standing by this product.
good band to use for larger wrists. extremely adjustable. magnet is strong, stays secure. pretty comfortable material and light weight.
i used this for my apple watches 3
i rarely ever write reviews — i should more often —  but it would be consumer malpractice not to write this particular item. lol so the reason that i’m even writing it after so long is because i got a new ipad and using one for home one for work, and thus in need of a new case. i have tried a bunch of other popular cases such as the fintie brand — which are good as well — but this specific case is just exceptional for the product it holds. namely, what i really love about this case is how snuggly the ipad air 2 fits in it. most of the other cases i’ve used allows for the air to roll around in it and sink to the bottom due to the air being much thinner than the original. this causes a lot of problems because the holes are in the wrong places and you constantly have to readjust the air to hit the buttons. the same is true when taking a picture, as the other cases obstruct the line of vision due to the ipad having slipped to the bottom.
quality product and great customer service.
i got one of these cases for my previous i-pad, used it for years and loved it.  when i got a new i-pad i was thrilled to find out they made a version to fit the new one.  absolutely love the velcro adjustable stand!  protects the i-pad fully.  very easy to use.  great all around case.
i got this case as a gift for my husband who disliked his case for his ipad air. he loves this one!  the adjustable stand with velcro is great!
very sleek and classy watch band. made an awesome gift. fast delivery!
it is a great looking and fitting band, but there is 2 spots on the band that are kind of shiny.  it doesn't look too bad but its noticeable.  the band was packaged great and came with a screwdriver.
i love this watch band!! it’s beautiful, and looks exactly like the apple branded one that cost way more. i’m so satisfied with this purchase, and i certainly recommend.
solid case, with good protection for the ipad. it's a little bulkier than i was expecting, and for some reason i thought it had some option for using it in portrait and not just landscape, but its a good case.
looks great, fits well, great price
gave as a gift to my older father. made it easier to put on his watch
best in the market. awesome case. we've been buying zugu for all our ipads.  money well spent!
i have had several ipad cases and this is by far the best! love the velcro strips so you can put it at any angle you want.
looks great and easy to place on watch.
i bought this case a year ago; it looks and works like it’s brand new, even though it has been used every single day since it’s been purchased. this is the best ipad case that i have even owned, a++
fantastic strap. been a year alternating with 2 other straps and it has lasted well...
love it. especially for the price.
love this case ! it has great protection features , quality materials and craftsmanship !
i had one of these cases before for my ipad mini retina. so ordering this one, my concerns were carry weight and the flimsiness of the spine caused by consistent use.
good fit to apple watch and installation was easy. no complaints after owning a few months. meets expectations what else is there to say
great case for my ipad. this is my 3rd ipad and this case is better than all of them. simple easy and secure. i only gave it 4 stars due to the side of the case which rests on the surface is light colored and really shows the dirt. that said i'd highly recommend this case.
i was searching for a protective, stylish cover for my father's day gift and zugu came through. as an added bonus, i became impressed with the adjustable stand as well as the band which wraps around it to close it and prevent accidental opening. all in all , it is worth the price and i am satisfied in every way.
great quality and real leather. i bought it recently and used it almost every day and has worked excellent.
bought this for my wife and she loves it this is the second zugu case we have bought great quality product.
love the multi positional choices. only gave 4 stars because it only comes in black. us girls like bright colors & designs. superb protection.
why pay more?  i've had a brown band for a couple months and it's been excellent!  the company also send along a screwdriver and small screws in case they loosen!
really like the velcro design. best design i have seen since i purchased the ipad one. it would be much nicer if they offered in real leather.
a great band for the price. the only reason i'm giving this a 4 star instead of 5 is because the band is extremely thin and flimsy. i was hoping the band would be twice as thick as it is.
ordered this product because i love the look and i'm so glad i did.  while i was awaiting my shipment i received a very nice email from the seller letting me know how to care for my new purchase as well as thanking me for becoming a customer.  i received the band and i am very impressed with the quality and attention to detail not only with the product itself but the packaging as well.  this purchase was a home run!
bought one for my son. he was very happy with it, so i bought another for my husband. he is equally happy with his! highly recommend! great protection and easy to use.
my first band i buy for my i watch and i really like it
plain and simple, fit and finish is good i like it a lot.
most stable ipad case ever. wish there were more colors other than black
great band
i just loved my zugu case ! as i have odd slanting positions and use my ipad in different lap positions, i am truly satisfied with my purchase! you will not be disappointed if you follow this review!
stitching looks good especially against the black leather. feels pretty good on your wrist.
a++++ love the product
very attractive and very secure
this is the 4th zugu case in my family. best quality, functionality and style. my son has cerebral palsy and easy for him to open and angle for his needs. travels nicely also.
looks great and very comfortable
i'm so glad to make this purchase. case is very sturdy upright position is held by strong velcro and when closed the ipad shuts down. i would buy another if needed
just bought my second one and its just as great as the first. love the velcro strap bc you can attach it to anything and the stand allows any angle you want. also love that they added a magnetic latch for closing.
i like the velcro'd strips, which allow you to set the angle of the ipad to your preference.  and the case is durable; i bought a new one after 3 years, only because my cat loved to play with it.  great product!
i love this case.  i had their first version for 4 years on my ipad 2 and had to buy this version for my ipad air 2.  with the velcro it always stays in the position/angle you want it in.
very impressed. this has become my new favorite band. holding up well. looks great.
i tried a few other expensive watch bands for my series 3 watch but none came close to my expectations untill i tried this one. the band is sleek and fits all wrist sizes, easy to wear, lightweight and is just perfect for what i was looking for!!!
strong velcro.  love it so far.  allows many landscape positions.  portrait position not so many but this position is not really what it is for.  elastic strap can keep it closed, give a handhold to make it less easy to drop, and can hold some papers.
love it
really well made. the construction is legit and the feel is comfortable on the wrist.
i received this ipad air case in a timely manner and it is served me well.  i wanted a case that would be durable and good quality and i am pleased to say that it meets my expectations.
works perfect
works as advertised.  ipad shuts down as it should when case closes.
5 stars
finely crafted band. leather is nice and thick, but soft and supple.connectors snap in perfectly to the watch.
works great!  very well thought out design.  sleep and wake feature works perfectly.
looks nice.  fit well. very quick shipment.
the strap is well made, as the stitching is aligned and the strap's clasps fit smoothly into the case of the apple watch.
love it! good quality.
zugu cases are hands down the best cases around.  my 4 and 10 year olds constantly drop their ipads and they are completely protected.  if you need a case for you ipad look no further
excellent product!  fits great, works good, looks great!
really better than expected.  comfortable and big enough for a large wrist.
i've only had this for a few days. i've received many compliments on this already. it looks like an expensive band and fits the apple watch series 2 perfectly.
this strap looks goooood, do it
awesome
the original plastic band made my wrist feel sweaty, but this one doesn't. it's also easy to put on and adjust to a perfect fit.
strong durable case, my wife loves it.
i loved this cover that i have owned for 3 years on my gen 1. i finally upgraded to the ipad air and went with this cover.  just as good if not better than the original cover.
i am very pleased with this band. it’s a near perfect match.
this is an awesome case, it works well and protects the ipad securely.
best cover yet and i have had many. i cannot say enough good things about this cover. it fits perfectly.
terrific case!
bought this for my wife's new ipad air.  it protects the ipad very well.  she loves it.  i added a screen protector to protect the screen.
great high quality case that fit my 2017 ipad perfectly.  makes the ipad more versatile to use while providing protection.
fast ship and great looking
very protective & i like the fact that you can adjust the reading angle with the stand.
i bought a black and brown band and have used both since my purchase. they were slightly stiff at first but that went away after using them within the first couple of hours. now they are both very comfortable and look great. i would definitely recommend this band.
scratched easy and dicolored within a week but seller contacted me and replaced it immediately.
wasn't sure when i got it if the " velcro thing " would work but it is great.  working wonderfully
magnet is strong. nice black color.
dresses the watch up more making it look nice for work
excellent watch band. was skeptical before purchasing it, but it's everything i expected, and more. high quality. thank you!!
perfect for my use,just received my case for my ipad2. the stand is great, which gives gives many choices of positions. well made and a delight to use. very easy to use,and assemble. zoogue thought of everything.
fits the watch well. a nice compliment to the apple watch. it is comfortable to wear.
i've had this case for more than 2 months, and all i can say is that it's great!. my parents have ipad cases but none of them are like this one, just buy it!!!
love my new wristband 😊
great fit for my ipad 2017.  love the velcro.  my only wish would be for a darker color on the inside (outside is black).  it's a lighter grey/tan where it sits on the table and i expect in a month or two it won't look as clean as it does now.
this is the second one i ordered for my son. he likes it. dog ate the first one...lol.
sharp looking, good quality.
love the construction of the band. the seam is stitched with a very light golden thread which matches perfectly with my gold watch. looks and feels high quality. the leather is not shiny so it absorbs light and shows the black color very rich. very happy with this purchase.
this is a nice band.  the adjustment feature works well and is easy to manipulate.  watch came early if i remember correctly.
case is sturdy and very functional. great case.  looks like it will last forever. i bought this for a senior.  this case has increased his ease of use and enjoyment from his ipad.
easy to put on and is very good quality. the stitching is well done and the leather is supple and appears to be high quality
great product - great price. looks upgraded and i love it.
wish it came in different colors.
love this
probably the best leather band that i've purchased from an amazon seller since the apple watch first came out.
great buy, looks exactly as the apple product!
the magnet is surprisingly strong and the band itself is strong and the metal links don’t get caught on my hair like one i’ve had before
love this cover. protects. sturdy. stands up well. it's worth the money.
inexpensive and enables me to wear my apple watch to business meetings (my sports bands are not professional enough).
great quality and fit
exceeded my expectations.  well-made, flexible.  superior protection over my prior, skimpy case.  worth the price.
looks great, works great.  appears to be well constructed.  i bought a zugu case for my ipad2 and used it for many years.  this case is exactly what i was looking for with my new ipad air 2
it is very good cover. if it was a little bit cheaper price vise, it would be great. i love this cover.
i upgraded by ipad and decided i need a new cover for it.  i looked at many but none seemed to have what i wanted.  this case is sturdy, i love the adjustable stand and it fits like a glove.  i would suggest it for anyone.
great ipad case for the price.
look nice thx
excellent purchase and the price is unbelievable.
can't be this band for the price. it looks and feels like it's made from quality materials. they sent a mini screwdriver to tighten up any screws that may come loose during wear. the connection between the band and the apple watch is very smooth and easy to change out.
love this band. working awesome 👏
this case is perfect. great quality and easy to use and hold. it shipped quickly and was better than expected.
this band is exactly as described in every way, and just what i was looking for. it’s classic style really looks great with my silver iwatch.
i like that the magnet is strong and the only reason i didn’t give five stars is because i wish there was a s/m.
love the material it’s made from. doesn’t change color and is very strong.
love it! matches my series 4 watch perfectly and the magnetic is strong!
it looks good
this iwatch band works great and is very stylish on my watch.  a great value for money.
works great! protects my ipad from drops and makes it easy to watch movies and read recipes in the kitchen. durable.
great item, going to order 3 more. looks great, works great
love it, better than the original one, if you’re a bodybuilder, or a sports enthusiast i highly recommend this band, it lets your wrist breathe with out the gunk getting stuck in between your wrist or the band.
excellent case, it really fulfill all my expectations and all the features explained in the product. i simply love it, not sure about the price, paid for it $39,99 and i just checked price right now is $35,99 😞😞😞😞
get this and a screen protector and you're in business.
looks great - wore it and parked it for formal wear.
great quality
works great. looks great
my husbands favorite band i ordered him. really nice looking and good quality.
really nice watch band, great quality, shipping was fast as usual. :)
love it, exactly what i expected!
my apple watch
excellent band! looks fantastic and feels great on my wrist. have had multiple compliments on how great it looks. very well-made as well.
this case rocks. it can lock via velcro at any angle and is fairly well built. great design!
no better ipad case than this. get it.
works great - love the magnetic strap
this looks and works as advertised, and is exponentially less than the apple versions.  great deal!
fits, works, looks good, feels good - good price/value.
excellent quality leather band. nice stitching and buckle that is similar in style to panerai. can't beat the price.
this arrived when it said and i couldn’t be happier. the fit is very nice especially since i’m not a dainty flower in size ☺️ so if your looking for a no brainer just order this.
very good cover.  the ipad air is well protected and the price for the product is very good.
bought this for my wife and she loves it. easy to put on and very sturdy. she likes the way it looks while on.
it's perfect thankyou
overall good, a little loose but works fine
i was looking for case with an easel back.  flexibility of the velcro on this case is perfect!
we bought this band for my husbands apple watch. not only was the packaging very nice but the band itself a amazing. you can just tell it's of great quality and that it is built to last. the installation of the band was not difficult at all. my husband has been wearing it all week with no complaints... happy customer!
great band for the price. it has only been a few days, but no issues. the band fits the series 2 watch very well.
love this case. i like having options on positioning the screen.
great watch band...good fit...super price.
great band, strudy, durable
nice case, versatile
good band but very small i have to use the first or second hole. wish i would have known how small it was. i didn't think i had large wrists (and still don't think i do) i roughly measured my wrist afterwards at around 7.5" so if your wrists are this large or larger get a bigger band
i absolutely love this band... it looks so sleek amd the quality is great. i have been wearing it everyday and can’t count how many compliments i have received on it!! great seller and fast shipping!!
protects ipad very well. adds a needed level of protection and makes the ipad easier to hold
perfect fit and great quality
looks good. nothing to not like.
love this cover which adjusts to every possible position.
looks good and even though it is my 4th day wearing it, the screws have not caused a problem. although i have not tried taking the bands off.
i purchased this for my wife's ipad air 2. it is adequate and protects her ipad.
nice band to touch really feels nice. i hope it will last.
love it does everthing i wanted it to do
this band is comfy and versatile.
easy to put on and looks great. i've received quite a few compliments on it.
this is a great case as the velcro adjusts to any angle, so far the velcro has held up well!
i love this case! it protects the ipad from the front and the back. it has a kick stand so you don't always have to hold it. my favorite feature is the velcro strap that can fasten to the headrest in the car. it will be perfect on long road trips for the kids to watch a movie.
was worried about the band coming loose but the magnet is super strong. good quality too
works good.  feels good in hand.  really like it.
doesn’t loosen strong magnet also breathes great.
great watch band.  really looks nice with the watch and is very comfortable.
one of the best products i've bought for my apply watch. it is real leather, fits well and looks like a high end band. love it!
amazing case! i received an ipad air 2 for christmas and wanted a protective case. after much research i decided on a zoogue case. it is everything that is promised. the quality in outstanding!!!
unfortunately the leather stretched the firsr time that water got on to it.
best ipad cover we’ve found. sturdy velcro keeps the device from flopping around. only wish it was magnetic instead of velcro. we purchased a second one after trying out the first one.
looks very nice and works great. i got a brown one too. love it.
what an awesome band for the watch at a fraction of apple
high quality case that works great!
i like it, it looks nice- the magnet is pretty strong
i thought it was very attractive, good weight, easy for me to put on and stays put. very pleased.
incredibly impressed for the price.
excellent quality and well built band. i like how it looks. the band fits both the watch itself and my wrist perfectly. no complaints and i highly recommend it for the series 3 apple watch 42 mm.
good looking, easy to put on
very nice!
best case ever for ipad
it’s legit bro!
love it
others reviewed in more detail. i have no problems with the good reviews.
i love how its nice and durable. it also props up at different angles which i like.
i received the brown watch band for christmas and loved it. i just purchased the black band too! they are both an awesome addition to my watch! stylish and totally reasonably priced. i have small wrists and this band fit me perfectly on the last notch. love my purchase! highly recommend.
this is an awesome product! had a zoogue case on my previous ipad and definitely had to try it out for my ipad air.  no complaints here and by far one of the best cases made for ipad.  the multiple viewing angles are awesome!! i recommend this product to anyone with an ipad looking for durability and functionality.
nice case!! thank you
best ipad case i've found yet.  wish i had bought 2.  this case is  perfect for business, travel, car with kids, and just browsing the internet.  excellent buy.
solid watch band. great quality.
great product! makes viewing the ipad so easy. i love being able to adjust the viewing angle.
great item
this is the best case!!! by far omg! fits like a glove. i (never) write reviews but this company does excellent craftsmanship. my ipad is protected for real hun. #happygolucky
just as described; very good quality and good looking so far. recommended
this band snaps on securely and it looks great.
watch band came exactly as i expected. it was super simple to put on. it was a little stiff at first but with bending it became more forming to my wrist and fits well!
perfect but it would be great to have an option to hold the apple pencil
much higher quality than i ever expected for this price
love the ease of use of this band with the magnet. it's very comfortable and can "lock" your band to the perfect fit. packaging was great as well!
really like his case!
easy to install and magnet is strong plus looks cool.  friends are asking for the link to purchase.
amazing, best vase we ever had.
great band! would buy again.
very nice band, works great, looks great
allows adjustment to any angle; stable and can be moved to another location with one hand.
i love it,very comfortable,the wrist breaths.
i received my awesome watch band , today. i conducted a few visual test and immediately put it on. very good fit, magnetic clamp is very tight and easy to adjust. very good quality.
looks really great. hope it’s durable and won’t scratch.
love it, it looks absolutely amazing on my wrist
i have purchased several cases for my i-pad and this is by far the best ever!!! so protective and love how it can be positioned at any level and actually stays in that position. can't go wrong with this one!
love this case. you can angle it any way you would like as it is velcro. all the holes line up perfectly with my ipad air. would definitely recommend this to a friend!
i have two colors, nice letter band.
this is a great case - bought for my new ipad air 2 and it is perfect.  while not as slim or sleek as some cases available today, this case will protect your device much better.  the case extends beyond the corners so if dropped or smashed into something, the device is safe.  the charger cord fits perfectly and all buttons are easily accessible.  and the automatic sleep/wake feature is great.  the cover folds back flat for lap reading and the stand feature is outstanding - works at any angle you need. yes, the case is a bit heavier and thicker but i am certain it will protect my ipad which is the reason for a case.  great design 
perfect cover
love it.
i'm a repeat customer. this is my 4th case from zoogue in 5 years. i buy them for every tablet in the family. we love that you can adjust the screen viewing angle to fit our need at any moment.  great product and great service.
nice feel looks elegant
easy to install, have been usingnit almost everyday for a few months now and it still looks good and works fine.
really like this cover. protects well. feels good handling it.
so happy to have this
this band does not feel cheap. the magnet seems to hold well. so far i do like it.
i love my watch bands! i purchased two for myself and loved them so much i bought another to give as a gift. the recipient loves hers, as well! well made product and fast delivery time!
great fit.  leather molds to your wrist nicely.
the best
i absolutely love this case for my ipad air 2.  i saw a review that indicated this case did not fit the ipad air 2 very well.  i think it is a perfect fit,  there are so many features with this case such as the ability to flip in several positions when using and not to mention the protection it offers.  well, i am sold on this zoogue product and will certainly be ordering more.
love it!  own two!
looks and works great
nice band, looks good, great custom/secure fit. sometimes the magnetic nature of band causes to bunch up getting on but no big deal. you’ll like it.
very comfortable!
this is the same product at the milanese loop. just a fraction of the cost.
works awesome love it.
i'm so glad i purchased this product it's perfect for my needs, can use it for my workouts also . so happy i found this.
great product. a lot better then the watch band that came with my iwatch.
it's much cheaper than apple's! but it's very good to use, i like it!
very comfortable and magnet holds perfectly.
the bracelet just works.
excellent product. very well made. highly recommend
well made (like the original) and easy to use.
unbelievable value!
i have bought 3 of these cases for daily use in a medical office.  they are rugged, professional, and versatile.  i highly recommend this case if you want a protective portfolio-type cover for your ipad.
best case i've gotten for my toddler!
this is the only case i've seen that stays put an predetermined angle on my lap, sofa, or moving it around.
i really love this band! it gives the watch a more formal look
does the job and is really affordable
i love this band! it fits like a charm and the quality is unbeatable for the price. buy it, you won’t regret it.
really nice band. however, i will probably have to return it since i am only able to attach it with the first hole only. i wish that the band was a bit bigger for a person with a bigger wrist. the manufacturing company needs to put that on their description. other than that fault it is a very constructed apple watch band
it's not as grippy as other milanese bands out there, but for the price you can't really complain.
excellent quality - great value.  very nice fit to the ipad.  love the unlimited positioning.
it a very good cases i love it, but i'm hoping it will be made for the new ipad pro coming in later november 2015.
it adds a little ruggedness to my apple watch. i wear this as my main band. very very nice for a replacement band.  the band runs small, i have the 42 mm band, it fits but if you have large wrists it might not.
band is a little on small side i don't have a big wrist so could be a problem for those that do.
simply works works well.
fast service and great product
a bit bulky. iprefer the magnetic stand over velcro though both are adequate.
love this item and i get a lot of compliments!
much better than the stock bands
one of my favorite applewatch bands!
really nice alternative to the overpriced apple products.
i have the band now for a few weeks and still looking good.
i was asked in a very polite email to write a 5 star review. i have never written a review before but this product is worth it. the service, the delivery, and little extras like replacement screws and driver was unexpected. oh, and the watch band is definitely worth it.
beautiful
love this case! finally, a diverse well-thought out ipad case. this design is perfect for using the ipad everywhere. love that it won't come off easily. it is also made to protect my ipad from breaking. would buy it again in a heartbeat!
great product
nice band, and it's easy to switch on and off
came on time. looks and feels great.
i already had this band in another color and loved it. bought the black one so i could switch it up a little. it seems like a very well made watch band and will hopefully hold up for the long term. the little card that comes with the product is hilarious.
easy to put in multiple positions
this watch band fits my apple watch perfect, unisex, good quality at a good price. i am very happy with the purchase and would recommend it to anyone.
excellent product but the one thing that would be helpful is a stylus sleeve/keeper.
i like the way it adjusts and feels on the wrist. only thing is it picks my clothes sometimes.
came early, fits perfect and looks great. strong magnate, i can be running and it holds perfect.
very happy with this band. it is the second one i have from this seller.
bought this for my wife and she really likes it.
this is my second zoogue ipad case and it is great! others were prettier, yes, but the protection and versatility of the angles and function made this my #1 choice. my old ipad has survived 7 young grandchildren while encased in the zoogue. need i say more?
muy linda la correa, se agarra bien a la muñeca. muy recomendable
very nice watch band, fits the apple watch perfectly. exceeded my expectations.
looks nice and well made, easy to fit, and love the adjustable stand.  feels well protected too.
very nice band. recommended. it's a nice addition to my collection..
came in quick and it fits perfect and feels amazing
fits perfectly, good magnet, looks nice
strengths: unlimited stand angles, good protection, magnetic top that will turn your ipad off when closed.
very nice quality and design for the money. very nice touch with the personal followup note and instructions for replacing screws that "may" loosen... but mine have shown no signs of an issue. great product. thx!
breathes well, fits well, strong magnet. played 36 holes of golf in it no problems, just as described!
i haven't really worn my mkeke leather band for any period of time, but with an initial fitting it seems like the fit and finish is very nice for the price.
fits perfectly
i was a little suspicious at first because of how cheap it was but honestly i probably like this one better than the apple one!
very nice but a little too big for my small wrist, but worth the buy. we bought two others and the guys iove them!!
now this is something to write home about!  it's worth more than 5 stars!
great watch band. it slips right into the watch slot and looks great. i will definately buy it again.
this case is great, it fits perfectly and allows full use of all ports and camera. it has multiple stand alone viewing angles and has a great texture.
love this band
great product at a really good price. highly recomended.
my zugu ipad air 2 was shipped to singapore well packed! great tight fit and major protection for the ipad air2. premium case, looks and well constructed. magnetic cover works fine too. highly recommended if you and need tough and premium case but not at a premium price!
this case is fantastic. i love the level of protection that it provides my ipad air 2. i coupled this with a tempered glass screen protector, but even with that on there, the ipad fit perfectly. i would definitely recommend this product to other ipad users.
very comfortable. seems secure.
this watch band looks great on my sgs watch and really classes it up compared to the regular sport bands. my only complaint so far is that it runs a tiny bit small, and even though it fits fine, adding an option for a longer strap would be ideal.
love this! magnet works great and it looks nice on.
love my new case have had it for a couple weeks it it very durable and is very well made i love it!
looks good and top notch quality
very nice quality at a low price.  company is very good at following up and making sure buyers are happy.
i like the case a lot is durable solids and you can position it anyway you want when you want to read or do whatever you want with the ipad
great fit and color.
love this product. can use in various positions and easy to use.
this watch band is absolutely amazing and i love it!
good product
looks like the higher-end comparable watch band styles, but for just a fraction of the cost. feels great on the wrist and doesn't slip.  looks good with my sgs model.  quickly becoming my "go to" watch band.  will shop with these guys again, no doubt.
good price. this is a really nice band and fits perfectly.
seems like a great case!
very good and sturdy case. i have a 4 year old brother and i am quite pleased with the case (he is also).
great deal
great buy works great looks great no issues so far had it over 30 days so far
very durable watchband!  great product for the price and so much cheaper than apple!  will buy from this business again!
love it!
band just fits over hand but is okay.
very handy case.  my son loves the amount of adjustment that is has.  the same company has a magnetic one that is similar that i find even better.
love this product i love the many positions you can sit it. it's very sturdy.
extremely happy i was worried it wouldnt be this good, it's pretty freakin' nice!
well made
fits and looks great
nice case
after reading many reviews, i purchased this case.  my older ipad is in a leatherology case...i am super picky about my case and i was hesitant to try a different design.
not ridiculously expensive and of a much better quality than those at the apple store. highly recommended.
the band is beautiful and looks great with rose gold watch.
great product.
easy to break in. very comfortable and stylish. highly recommend
great product
my husband loves it
great deal, and quality seems good. would recommend.
i like everything about the adjustability of the case but it seems very thick. it isn't as sleek as i expected.the ipad also is a little loose in the case.
great look n fit, no complaints at all.
just perfect. super cute and a really good price. i got the silver one and it looks very nice.
use this daily. love it.
super cute band!! makes your watch look elegant
bought this for my husband's ipad air 1.  he loves it.  it fits perfectly & is very well made.  so glad i bought it.
just like the apple brand product but a lot cheaper.
excellent product!!
excelente quality.
good for price
great case it fits perfectly and offers good protection to the ipad. the way it folds back and locks in with the velcro tabs to any angle really works well. this is a good looking case made of leather and should hold up well.
great band
just about perfect as a case. the easel stand has velcro feet which keep it firmly seated at the angle you choose. other stands i have used did not do this.
i love it. it feels like the real apple product
nice looking watch band, fits well on my apple watch.
love the band. it really compliments a beautiful watch. the band is high quality and elegant. compare it to the apple brand and tell me why you would pay $120 more. i am very happy with my purchase and the price i paid.
great value for money - works well and looks good
great product
perfect. looks great and sharp with my business clothes.
fast shipping and item exactly as described.
awesome fit feel and east off and on
amazing product
absolutely love this watchband!! it feels soft on my wrist, i love the look with the stitching and the buckle doesn't pinch and it feels as if i don't have a watch on my wrist at all!! fits my apple watch to a tee!!
great case.
my husband loves this band.
good
this case is awesome and works great. i would strongly recommend it and the price is right.
nice
really good, only thing if you work with metals, it would stick to it
very nice band. i love it!
watch band adds a very sleek and modern look. good for dressing up or casual wear
super fast delivery! looks great!
love it so much i went and got the black band as well lol
uncle does so much biz with his tab i had to replace his old case ,this thing is perfect even better he gets angles that stay in place
has held up well
works really well just like you would buy at an apple store!
a great case and very simple to use. they delivered on time and exactly as described. will definitely buy these products again.
very satisfied with both the black and brown band that i ordered. the product came quickly and easily. thank you so much for a great product and great service
i love this band
easy to put on and easy to take off
it is exactly what i needed to take meeting minutes on my ipad.
best case ever!!!
excellent band great quality and looks awesome with the watch
great - does everything advertised !!!!
i returned it, didn't really like the style of the buckle or stitching. then they sent me a replacement in a new style and i really like it! thanks mkeke!
excellent
i was having problems with my first apple watch however they contacted me right away to fix my problem. a+ customer service
love it
not common leather in my understanding, but soft and comfortable to wear .
love this band.  fits great and looks good.  bought black and brown.
perfect, exactly what i need
great
my i-watch needed a new band..
great case!  very sturdy, but it doesn't add a lot of thickness or weight to the ipad.
elegante, fácil de poner, no molesta al andarla puesta.
i love my new watch band! the order got here fast, the band is of great quality and was better than i was expecting. best of all was the price! i will definitely be ordering from you again!
great band and great fit. product as advertised
great product love it
it’s really nice
high quality
i love this watch band and how it looks, fits, and the quality.  so much better than purchasing from the apple store.  i have the same style in brown as well.
excellent product, excellent price!!
awesome. souls try this band. i bought it for my space gray 42 mm watch. i am satisfied with it.
great!
highly recommend this ipad case. love it.
quick shipping great product. i love my watch band!!!!
product was as described and no faults
i love this band. the customer rep that was in contact with was very nice and friendly. they wanted to make sure i was happy with my purchase. thank you again!
very nice
i bought it as a gift for my mother and she loves it
great! i have a bigger wrist and it fits no problem. very high quality for the low price! great value. thanks
good
love this case!!  great for app games, as well as anything else
great product so far!
the case is holding up well so far.  i wish the side that sits on the ground was a darker color to cover any dirt that you may pick up from different surfaces.
really nice!!! super recommended!!!
had different one for new ipad air and it just didn't offer the sturdiness and multiple adjustment angles that the zoogue provides.  the ability to strap it to the back of an airplane seat makes it very convenient to watch an inflight movie!
love this type of case and are hard to find ty
one of the best bands for my series 2 apple watch
it’s much easier too put on
very nice
the fully adjustable feature is great and the cover completely protects my ipad air2
excellent band.  only suggestion is to add an additional loop to hold the band after it is buckled (one isn't enough to hold the strap flush).
stylish, robust and works as advertised. tips to adjust and the tools to service are nice add-on features! connector pieces wore out too soon but customer svc makes it worth it.
excellent and very reasonably priced product. this is a very fashionable black leather band and i'd highly recommend it.
fits perfectly and looks great at a fraction of the cost of what apple charges.
a good solid case which protects while attached to my gym gadgets so i can watch tv whilst motivating myself to workout
i loved the note that came with the band. the band itself looks awesome.
quality alternative. fast ship. satisfied!
easy to wear and comfortable
best ipad case i've ever owned.
i love this ipad case! it can stand and tilt in any position. holds the ipad secure.  i love it and would definitely recommend this product.
looks great!  is comfortable and really helps the watch look more business professional than the band my watch came with.
good quality product. there lugs fit perfectly. i really like the quality of the leather as well. glad i bought it.
práctica y elegante.
i ordered the brown and black for my apple watch and these look gorgeous, lots of compliments. great product!
as advertised.  exactly what i needed!
it might be a little short for some people - it just fits for me and i don't have a large wrist.  nice band for the price.
great product at a great price!!!
very nice and soft.
i lost my ipad and case recently.  and when i bought a new one i immediately ordered a zoogue replacement case too.
great item.
works great for our new ipad air.
good
everything was what they said it was. great caring for the package and speedy delivery. great quality.
very nice
phenomenal case. would definitely buy again
fantastic watch band.  high quality and durable.  buy with confidence.
i'm very happy with this case. they nailed it. the design, functionality, and fit and finish is excellent.
very happy with the band.  initial fitting took a little maneuvering but overall, very pleased with the look, fit, and finish.  time will be the test!!
i love this watch band, it looks and feels great!!!
very good quality and aesthetics.
good quality product, obviously cost effective compared to some of the other apple alternatives. bought two because of the low cost to allow mixing and matching.
the ability to vary the slant of the ipad is first rate! much, much better than other cases that i have used.  in this respect the zugu is head and shoulders above others
not fit rightly
awesome product!
band exceeded my expectations, especially for the price!
great product and their customer service was awesome. had an issue with 1 of my straps and they took care of me without hassle. huge shout out to sally.
nice
wish it came in more colors, but overall i am very happy with this case. love how many angles it can be placed in. seems sturdy & protective.
great case for my new ipad air 2. you won't be disappointed.
a great fit for the watch.. classy
great!!!!
the band is great! great price, great quality and looks fantastic. i will defiantly be buying more bands from this company in the future. the only reason why i am not giving this product 5 starts is because i wish the band was a bit longer. i am a 6 foot 4 dude with big wrists. i find that i need the band on the second to last hole. but for people that have normal sized wrists they shouldn't have a issue.
excellent! would never buy an apple watch band, this band is excellent and cant beat the price at all!
great quality at a much more reasonable price than the watch bands from apple.
premium quality ipad air 2 case! love it!
liked the way it stands up & stays up for me!
great case. love it.
very nice and easy to put on. i would definitely recommend to buy.
excellent product and great price.
protects my son's ipad air and love the adjustable stand to view in various angles.
best case ever used. good product.
i use my ipad a lot for recipes when i cook as well as on the go, so i love how easy this case is to use with all of the different settings.  it's also pretty sleek looking and well made. my only complaint is that you do get little fibers and such that stick to the velcro, but that's not a big deal.
great band! enjoyed the quality for the kast several months
beautiful band, nice big chunky buckle!
fantastic product great quality
very comfortable.
great quality and correspondence.  really care about the product.
absolutely worth every penny
had a prior version, still like their cases.
very nice high quality watch band.
great quality at a great price!
great so far. looks good.
excellent..!!
nice quality.
i just received today. looks great out of the box.
band looks great and is comfortable. it goes with the applewatch nicely; good looking combination.
good high quality band
exellent quality
my wife and i really like these covers compared to other types.
comfortable, sturdy and attractive.
very high quality and the velcrow makes it easier to maneuver the stand.
great product. it's very stylish and very comfortable to wear.
sturdy and light
not bad, i like it. the older i get, and the less "cool" my ipad is, the less i care about how the case looks, lol. this is a strong, durable case, but it is pretty ugly and bulky. not a case if you care about looks. but i like to lay in bed and watch movies these days, and this is perfect for me. i can put a pillow on my lap and set this up on it, works great. it's replacing an expensive leather case that just can't stand up like this one.
look nice i love it. good quality thank mkeke.
i love this watch band.  just as described.
great case so far . i am looking to buy another one for an ipad 2 if available . i wish there were more colors to choose from other than just black
received it and does look and protects the ipad great, thank you
works as advertised, no complaints
my favourite watch band. excellent quality. ordered the brown leather too.
very comfortable with a great look
if you want a thin protective case, this is the one!
awesome band. beautiful material and very comfortable. my favorite so far and my casual go to watch band.
good quality & flexible.
great looking, great quality
shipped on time and it is as good as advertised.
sporty looking
stylish easy to put on with the kit and the prices was right
the only problem is the methalic parts, that are bigger than necessary.
amazing 👊🏻👊🏻💪🏻💪🏻
it is durable, sturdy and well made. very happy with this purchase.
perfect for my ipad air! lightweight and easy to use
gr8 deal
great case. works great.  as described.
looks great a+
nice band
i love the bands and they came to me very quickly. thanks!
band came quickly and attached quickly. very arrractive
great product...so far so good!
nicely made band!
i am please with the watch band's quality.
great product and really love it
excellent band
i'm really pleased with it
works to my expectations.
i like it ❤😍
good and fast delivery
is pretty good , and easy to adjust.
love this band!!
perfect fit. installation was easy. looks great.
meet my expectations,
good quality. i will buy from you guys again
just perfect what more can you say.
love it.
the best i love it
great watch band!
the zoogue ipad cover is very well made with rigid front and back covers that protect the edges of the ipad.  would definitely recommend this.
love it
i love this case!!!
this week we updated my wife's ipad 2 to the new ipad air 2 and of course needed to get a new case being that the air 2's body is smaller than the 2. with the 2, we tried several case, but wasn't happy till we came across zoogue genius pro leather case. we loved it. so of course it was a no brainer to get the one that fit the air 2 :) these are great cases! superbly made, strong, looks fantastic and highly functional. great job zoogue. would recommend to everybody. thanks.
a+ great product thank you
comparable to the oem band that costs 10-20 times more.  this is the second watch band i have purchased.  i wear it daily.  i bought the first one a couple of years ago, and it never wore out (still have it).  i bought this one because i bought a new watch (now i have 2).
my wife love it!
awesome watch band!!
i purchased this item before for my ipad 4. i wanted the same for my ipad air. i was not disappointed as the build quality and the stitching are top notch. the case is substantial enough to afford real protection; including the corners. the fit is perfect and the case's many positions work for lying down, typing or whatever. the velcro makes the case very sturdy in any position.
nice looking band
the apple watch i purchased came with a sport style band... that's not so good for more formal dress.  i wanted something that looks better in a business setting.  i also really like the look of the black band against the silver aluminum watch (and black face)  of all the leather bands i looked at, this one looked really promising, and nice combination of style, and quality.
nice, thank you.
looks really smart
great product
awesome case!
my husband bought me the nike apple watch to replace my garmin for my runs, but i ended up loving it so much that i wanted to wear it all the time. so, i bought this band in brown and black so that i could also have an everyday band. i cannot get over the quality, especially for the price. i expected it to look cheap (which would've made me send it back), but i took a chance anyway, and am beyond impressed. i'm so picky about leathers - as cheap leather looks cheap - but this one is perfect. i've only worn the brown one, but the black one looks great, too. and i never take time to write reviews, but as i am a person who researches items to death before a purchase, i had hoped to help someone else with their decision to order. you can't go wrong with this one 😊
really good case, just like all my other zoogue cases have been.  fits well and is easy to adjust.
so far so good.  looks and feels great.
i love zoogue, have tried others, but always go back to this case.
quality product, quality construction great value. fits ipad air perfectly.
this is my second case genius. i love the versatility of the case and it is extremely durable.
ordered this cover for my wife's brand-new ipad air; got it under what i would have paid for it had i been able to find it and i got it in two days.
i love this band. stays in very well. magnet is really strong. not worried about it breaking at all.
i like it is ok.
just as good as the orignal.  very pleased.
very good product.
everything i was looking for. different open positions, handle when holding the ipad, auto off/on, and very stylish in design.
very nice. happily satisfied with cover. thank you.
its functional and versatile
very nice case for an ipad air 2. would buy again.
velcro makes this the perfect ipad stand. excellent!!!!!
best case! durable, sturdy, love the multiple positions. best for reading while in bed, sitting up, in a car, on a counter, etc.
good
love my new band! it's!looks  cool too!
same as the photo.
love it great
súper selle.  a ++++
like it. good leather.
please note that this review is in regards to the 2016 zugu case ipad air 1 / 2 case genius pro 2016 version. it seems that they have continued to use this page from previous versions, so the reviews may be for different cases! (at the time of writing this review, this should be the most recent case)
this is my second band. after a long period of time the magnet will lose a bit of it's power or the band gets smooth because i slide it off instead of lifting the magnet (probably the latter). it will slowly loosen over time so i just replace the band because it is relatively inexpensive to replace. not  to were i feel my watch is in jeopardy  but just a little. i've used it in water parks with no issues. to me it looks just like the apple version and everyones that noticed it thought it was the apple version. save your money and buy this one!
awesome band! love it! it's classy, sturdy, & gorgeous! i still can't believe how ridiculously expensive apple iwatch bands are when alternate bands are a fraction of the cost and look as good as the originals. it's a no brained! buy generic brands!
great quality band. matches perfectly with my space gray aluminum watch. the loop and magnet take some initial getting used to, but i found that just loosening it a lot and not completely removing the loop when taking it off made it easiest to charge and put back on. the design of this sort of band means you can always find the perfect fit compared to ones with holes that can sometimes be a little too tight or loose between settings.
my hubby bought me this band two weeks ago and i love it. looks so nice and sleek!  i have gotten many compliments on it. sometimes it loosen with too much movement. if it wasn’t because of that one thing i would’ve given it a 5 star. but it’s really pretty and looks like the original.
very nice looking band, light but a substantial feel to it. only thing i don’t like is that it’s about as narrow as the sports band that the watch comes with. if you’re looking for thin and stylish, can’t beat this one for price and looks. matches the finish on my space gray 42mm watch 3 very well.
this band is lovely and well made, but my husband didn’t like it as much as the sport loop nylon bands. this somehow holds water more than the sport loop band, and catches and pulls arm hairs pretty frequently. we returned it.
my wrist was sweating with the original solid leather band. this band is like a very fine mesh metal mesh. so air can get in, so it is cooler. it uses a very strong magnet to attach to the other side of the band. it works very well. it has not slipped off.
works great on my space gray apple watch and stays on.  i thought it would pull the hair on my arms, but it didn't.  it's still holding in color, but i know after a while the black will start scratching, but at this price, i will just order another.
the color fades a bit after use but considering the price of the product, i'd still recommend it. the magnetic part of the loop does tend to stick to other magnetic items but it doesn't bother me that much.
many compliments received on it since i got it about 2 months ago.  that said, it's already starting to lose some of its black coating - but for the cost, it's no big deal. magnet is very strong.
why, oh why did they get rid of the magnetic kickstand in favor of velcro? it is loud and annoying. yes, it holds the case in infinite positions, but the old magnetic stand was better, quick and easy to adjust, and sturdy. i have to fight the velcro every time i reposition the case. i tried the prodigy case with the magnetic stand, but the corners are flimsy and broke after a few months of use, on not one, but two cases. so this is what i am left with. functional, yes, but the velcro is a nuisance.
great case for angle propping. however, all 4 corners have cracked open. case was never dropped or impacted in any way so am disappointed.  design could not have been better.  plastics thin and brittle. see later postings. the company has graciously replaced the cover. highly recommend them!
fits great and would buy again. got here fast.
had it a little over a month and i like it very much. it’s sleek and not bulky like other bands i’ve had. the only thing is that i notice it’s not as black as it was when i first got it but i think that’s just natural for it to fade.
great value and while not a "premium" band, it serves the purpose well and looks great and i don't mind beating it up. also riding on my motorcycle on the freeway, i have experienced no issue with it coming off.
just as the picture shows, the metallic band fit my series 3, 42mm with no problems. upon initial opening of the package, the tray the band was is was dirty, but since this band will be seeing water from time to time, i simply washed it to remove any dust residue and was able to put the band on my watch after letting it dry.
i love my new watch band for my apple watch. it is easy to put on and remove.  the magnet is very strong and holds well. very durable too.
looks good - definitely a step up from the standard apple watch band. leather starts out stiff but will hopefully loosen up over time.  buckle is a bit larger than i'd like, but still looks handsome.
great band. it fits easily around my 8” wrist and is infinitely adjustable.
i have used couple of stand for the ipad before, they are either bulky, easy to break, or hold the unit poorly.
this is the best ipad case i've had. it is solidly built, does not tip over (unlike the apple smart cover), and the buttons are easily accessible. i can't imagine any improvements to the design and how it is used every day. highly recommended. 
fits my applewatch as expected. thank you.
i bought 2 of the zugu ipad cases.  had them for several days and they are exactly what i expected.  the ability to change the viewing angle to many positions is what i was looking for in a case.  it seems rugged and i hope it will protect my investment in this new ipad pro. would purchase again and recommend highly.
the picture doesn't do it any justice, i got this on a lighting deal and i'm glad i did.
extremely similar to apple watch band
i am very happy with this milanese loop band.  it has classy looks, is easy to put on and take off, and the shipping was very quick.  i would highly recommend this band to my friends and family.
great item
good quality, great price.
love the black band. looks great with my space grey apple watch :)
i have had this case for 1 1/2 yrs. i absolutely love it,  the bottom tab broke and the ipad slips to one side blocking the camera. i tried to find another only to find out this case is unavailable now....😡😢
fits great, looks great, attached perfectly- i couldn't be happier and im pretty skeptical of off/brands.
nice quality band for apple watch... company makes really good alternatives to the apple-branded watch bands and provide excellent customer service.
love this band it is a really great buy.
the item was exactly as describe. will recommend to my friends. cost, looks and value made this a great purchase
very nice quality, the metal is tough and the color is great but on the black version it does fade after a few uses due to the constant rubbing to take it off and put it on
nice
great feel, the magnet connector is strong and will catch on other metal objects.
the band looks pretty nice and certainly doesn't look like a cheap band, but it kind of feels like a cheap band.  also some of the stitching was loose when it arrived.  i clipped off the loose stitches and am using the band, but i would have paid a bit more for better quality.  it gets 5 stars for looks, 3 for quality, so i guess 4 stars averaged out.
love this band and it magnetic secures well. a little thing  it really classy
comfortable, beautiful, functional and affordable couldn't ask for anything more.
mkeke has been really prompt on resolving the issue i faced (as i was under one year warranty) i would recommend doing business with them
outstanding watch band. genuine leather, with it's leather smell. stitching is well done. adapters fit snuggly into the apple watch. the black band really goes well with my space grey apple watch. i've had it a few days and it's very comfortable and well made.  buy one. you won't be disappointed.
nice leather, good quality, very happy with the band.
very nice looking, easy on and off. use it daily now ...
fits well,does not irritate, love the look!
amazing band. i have not used it too much to see how the color stand up but overall really impressed so far. so comfortable it doesn't feel like your wearing the watch.
great quality exelwnt product
i replaced my old ipad air 2 case because i saw this zoogue case from one of my boss and bought it on amazon. he use it in our business meetings. t looks very professional and the looks impressed me very much.. it has an excellent design that really caught my attention. i really like the case.
i love this band! it’s so easy to put on and it looks really nice. i was scared it would get scratched easily but so far it’s been awesome!
best seller. i bought this case for my new ipad air 2. my old case did not last long. i am not diappointed with this case it is better than my old case. the ipad stands up without any problems. i love the unilimted angles feature of this case. all ports for camera, chargers etc are all good.
for the money it works.
this is a real leather case. i was amazed at how fast it arrived. it's very cool, very functional and fits my ipad air 1 perfectly. my sister tried this case on her ipad 2 and it fits well. she bought zoogue case for her ipad. we highly recommend this zoogue case to anyone.
great fit!
love this cover.  it adjusts to different slants so that i can change it as needed.
fabulous cover easy to attach and simple to use. fast shipment excellent value and ipad air 2 shuts off every time you close cover!
real good band. strong. sturdy. very glad i purchased.
good quality and color
it's durable and functional case. color black is elegant, the design looks very professional and it is a genuine leather case. i had no difficulty in fitting my ipad air 2 into the zoogue case and the cover sleep or wake function of the case does the job.
the adjustable strap fits perfectly for my large wrist where as the original strap really didn’t
great for the price. if you are looking for a quality and worth for the price ipad case, then you should buy zoogue ipad air 1 / 2 case. the cover is hard enough to safe guard your ipad and it works really well.
awesome band and at a great price. it looks amazing
works great and looks good!
good quality and fits perfectly!
good holder for my ipad. most specially i am always taking down notes while in the business meetings. it will secure your ipad from falling while busy in writing notes. nice binder!
overall excellent!! i love it. the only downside is the screws were loose but i tighten them with the included screwdriver.
very nice band. i am using it almost daily for 3 months and it's holding up great. looks great and stylish.
i like how the case locks the screen when you close. it fits well, including around all the ports and buttons. great unlimited angles. excellent product and i am very happy with it.
based on reviews, i purchased this case for my 10 year-old daughter for school.  awesome!
zoogue ipad air 1 / 2 case is amazing and great quality as well. it is very trendy. overall, great buy and quality for the affordable price.
i have not seen any problems with zoogue ipad air 1 / 2 case. well made product. item as described and fast shipment too.
bought this for the bf as he needed a black one to add to his collection. we both like this style with the contrast stitching. it looks nice on too.
good producto.. original leather... i feel happy with those apple watch bands
i really love my new watch band.
100% satisfied
no complaint with the seller.
first off i only review stuff it is is really good or really bad and usually don't even do that.  in this case wow the quality and feel is excellent, not sure if real leather or not but medium thickness, nice and soft and flexy.  i bought this for my iwatch when i got it relied it had silver lugs and i had a black watch but was so impressed went to my watch collection and found a nice $4000 watch it looked good on, removed the iwatch lugs and put it on that.  looks better than the $150 strap i had on it.  fit wise i also have big wrists and it fits me.  buckle is nice and large and substantial looking with out being bulky.  for the price i din't know how they do it.  will see how it holds up over time but looks great as of now would buy again in a heartbeat.
love this watch band! with traditional bands i found it hard to find just the right fit bit with the magnetic band i can get if just rugby. i bought rose gold and the color is very subtle yet feminine.
i had purchased a  zugu case for my mini ipad about a year ago. i dropped it and cracked the corner.  they replaced it at no charge.  so when my husband purchased a new ipad, zugu was one of the cases he looked at.  he has had it for about 2 weeks now and really loves it.  very sutstantial... well mad and he likes the multiple choices he has for siting it at different angles.  i would highly recommend zugu cases!
i got this for my mom. she loves it. it doesn’t pinch the skin or anything. it looks exactly like the 150 dollar one. same quality too.
first off, the watch band works as advertised, is reasonably priced, solid quality, and arrived on time. that alone would get a 5-star review in my book.
i received my order, but one end of the lug would not lock into place. i have requested a refund via amazon, which they honored. additionally, i received a message from mkeke, apologizing for the problem and offering a replacement. the new one arrived, and it is excellent. the lugs fit my apple watch series 2 sport very well and lock into place just as they should. it is a handsome band with the stitching. and the leather smells real and also looks to be of a very high quality. in fact, the quality of the leather and lugs are superior to my $80 retail monowear leather band!
awesome band .. the band looks great and feels great especially for the price ... i love the stitching .. nice and clean ... i am worry about the screws .. but i will dedicate myself to tighten them once a month ... or every 2 weeks ... (but nothing major to be too concern about )
band isn’t fully stainless as it’s magnetic but it’s solid. paint finish wears off in time but for the price who cares. only downside is for us with hairy arms. my arm hair gets in between the metal braid and radially gets pulled.
i have been wearing this band all day, every day for several months now, and i could not be happier. it was very easy to install on my watch, it is very comfortable, stays on securely, and it looks new even after months of daily wear. a great band for a very reasonable cost.
the band is very well and thoughtfully design-the stitching is topnotch. the feel on the wrist is light and comfortable. thank you for a quality design and the band makes one feel like he has a new watch on..
nice quality product. seems pretty robust and survived few hard workouts so far.
i've had this band for almost a year now. i wear it every day and get lots of compliments on it. it's held up very well to everyday use. i'm constantly washing my hands and it's surprisingly held up well considering how often it gets wet. wasn't sure how well it would holdup for an inexpensive band. i would definitely recommend.
i was a bit skeptical because of the low price, but i must admit i'm impressed with this band. i like the look and feel of the leather, the stitching is a nice touch, and it was easy to install. i highly recommend this leather band for the apple watch
i bought this for my daughter and she loves it.  it is very good quality and the magnetic closure on it is really strong.
i couldn't be happier with this purchase. the detail to packaging told me instantly that i was dealing with a company that cares about their products. and i was not let down. it's been about 3 weeks now and i have no regrets!! i have not removed the band since putting it on my watch. and i have found the more your wear it the better it looks and feels. an awesome product. i highly recommend to anyone looking for a classy looking, well constructed leather watch band for their apple watch.
i like it.  matched the description.  quality is good for the price.  i have a fairly big wrist and the strap is good fit, i'm using the 2nd to last notch on the strap.  much more comfortable than the black plastic strap that came with my apple watch 2.
great looks and quality. i am really happy with this band. the leather and clasp are nicely done and the stitching is beautiful. it gives a slightly more sophisticated look without any extra weight.
i was very skeptical but the price was right. i am so happy with this purchase. i have received so many compliments on the watch now that i have this band on it. and it certainly made the watch look right with business casual attire. i will be getting more products from this seller.
these are quality watch bands.  they really dress up my apple watch, the leather is well crafted and the bands fit snug.  very happy.  bought both black and brown.
this watch band is sleek and comfortable. the magnet holds well.
arrived quickly and fits great. nicely packaged. a good quality leather band!  a gift for my husband. now he has options. he's happy with it.
really nice watch band. bought it as a gift for husband who stopped wearing his apple watch due to rash he was getting from rubberized band. he loves this.
i actually bought and returned a similar product due to how cheap and plastic the "leather" was.  not this band.  this band is incredible.  fit the watch seamlessly and feels so comfortable on my wrist.  the style is on point and really sets the already noticeable apple watch apart from the normal neoprene looking band.  i wish they had more colors and options.  i would buy every single one of them!
i purchased this as a gift for my fiance and he loved it. it is made very well and packaged very nicely. so far it is working out great for him.
terrific fit and the price is not bad. only time will tell how the leather and stitching will hold up, but for now it give it 4 stars.
the band itself is amazing, but the bit that connects it to the watch might use some improvement. it's slightly wider than my 42mm series 3, so it protrudes from the watch profile, while the genuine apple bands sit flush.
has been great still black easy to put on
easily my favorite band of all that i have (i have about 15). soft leather feels great against your wrist. the only downside is the band to hold the strap moves all the time. but i still love it.
good for the price
thumbs up
amazing band, i love it! wearing every day and there is no signs of the tearing, or falling apart which i kind of expected and im very pleased. looks and feel like a original apple band, thick very elegant, i will buy another color . great quality and good price
my daily iphone band love it
very good apple watch band. real leather and durable. i use it on my iwatch series 2 and is all good.
great watch band for apple watch bought it in brown and black. definitely a good buy and worth the money
wife loved the product!!
excellent, i recommend
this is a great deal.  super quality and great fit/fashion.
nice watch band....much cheaper than buying it from apple and good quality. it comes with a screwdriver and screws. also, the company is very customer service focused - these are the companies that we need to give our business too.
very nice watchband, would definitely recommend.
this is a great band for the money.  at first, it's very stiff, but it broke in within 2 wears.  very sharp looking and fits the apple watch extremely well.  connections are strong and it looks very natural with the watch.  love it.
there is nothing wrong with this watch band.  i just did not find it matching an apple watch, is all
got it for my boyfriend as a valentine's day present and he gets compliments on it all the time. he's usually pretty picky when it comes to watch bands. doesn't like anything the tiniest bit uncomfortable or bulky, but he actually likes wearing it alot. the black leather looks great against the light stitching and it is soft without being flimsy.
very good band , fits perfect and looks good.
this a very nice watch band. fit my  watch perfectly. it adds style to your watch when you need it
i can finally wear this watch in public now and feel like an adult again.
came in decent packaging, has a good quality feel to it and feels sturdy and durable. the magnet is very strong, and the band itself is very comfortable to wear. for the money,  it's worthy ! i will order the other color.
great quality.  thanks.
i love this new band.  the magnet makes it so easy to put on.
nice looking and very comfortable
i have only used it 3 days now but seems to be a high quality band. well worth the price.
ordered this band to use for more dressy occasions and i absolutely love the quality, fit and the function!  very easy to remove my active watch band and slip nicer band on before leaving in just seconds!
very comfortable band, color and quality are great!
great fits good and feels great very comfortable
i own both the brown and black versions of this band and am very pleased with the comfort and quality. i've received many compliments from other apple watch owners- including one that paid 10 times as much for a leather band from the apple store.
leather is very high-quality
great band. looks awesome!!
love this band and it looks great with my apple watch sport. great price and nice quality.
fits well!!
great case for a great price.
love it.  very classy band.
i love this band! great quality....one of my daily, go-to bands
excellent band and quality! definitely happy with my purchase and the customer service.
perfect material, original and durable leather
great quality for the price, only issue i have is, one hole is a little too big, the next is a little too tight. but that's my husky wrists fault, not the band.....
makes my apple watch sport look much classier.
got this for the wife and she loves it. good buy
very comfortable and looks good when i want a change from my sports bands.
this made my apple watch look so professional & cool!
happy with, reasonable and very nice looking!
i love this watch band. it looks fantastic and is very well made. it's immediately obvious this company really cares about high quality and customer service.
nice quality and looks great with my black watch!
i really like the band.  i have had many compliments with the look and style.  my only complaint has to do with the length, as they only provided one size and i need it to be equivalent to the large silicone band when i purchased the watch.  if you have a larger wrist, it may not fit.
great case with no complaints.
very well made. i now know what the sizing means too. i ordered the wrong one and loved so much i ordered the right one.
great band! paid $40 for a band from monodesign that i saw on facebook and was displeased with the leather.  found this band and it is superior and casual yet dressy.  a must buy!
nice looking watch band.. easy install.  it really dresses up the watch nicely!
love the band! get compliments all the time.
great case.
as advertised very nice for the price
i like it, good product!, thanks.
it's a great watch band just one problem i'm having. the little band slides around too easily.  so the tip of the band keeps coming loose.
beautifully packaged, seems to be very well made, went on my watch easily.
love this watch band, and it was at a great price.
it's a gift!
feels good, and durable. good product.
great band! nice quality! apple wants $350.00 just for a band and my apple watch only cost $230.00. (was on sale!)
if you want to be a bit different, this is the band.
casual looking band but looks very good and well made. not expensive. fits phone well. i'm glad that i made the purchase.
awesome strap for a great price, highly recommended.
very well made. looks great with the silver watch.
overall pleased so far i'm pleased with the quality so hope it lasts. my only wish was that the strap length was maybe half in longer because nth end slides out of the end holder and i have it in the 3rd loop.
shipping was quick ordered saturday received it monday (2days) nice clean fit on my  apple watch sport 1st gen
very nice product
price was fair, delivery was prompt.  very easy to change band and it looks great.  i think the leather band will hold up well, although time will tell.  so far, i'm a happy camper.
great look, great price!
i love my watch band!!!!!
purchased this band and was not to sure what think right away but i absolutely love it. it is by far the most comfortable and affordable band i have!!
very nice looks. quality is there even for the price i will be buying more colors from these folks
i like because breathable
love this!!!!
nice band.
looks good on the watch. no issues.
love having options to make it dressy....
love this band! it has a great look and feel. easy to install as well.
nice quality. fits perfect on my series 2 watch (42mm)!
nicer than expected, delivered same day!
i love it! top quality.
well done
looks great in the gold .  feels and looks great . great quality too
quick delivery and great product!
not only do they make a good product, but it comes packaged well with a whimsical card insert. different. i would buy from them again!
so far so good
very luxurious product bracelet is made of natural cow leather  and professionally excellent.
great material!
great fit love the look
this is exactly as i expected. looks and feels like quality leather and it's very comfortable to wear. would recommend to anyone trying to buy a nicer band for the apple watch.
wasn't sure if the product was going to look as good as the one advertised, and i'm pleased to say it looks great and feels good.
great value.
great product! looks very good and professional! quick delivery and great packaging! love it!
very soft and comfortable watch band
i love this band! looks so good on my apple watch sport black! put it on right after opening it and put it on my wrist! "will probably wear this one the most!
i'm happy with this case.
very nice watch band.
beautiful band! exceeded my expectations!
yes, quality is beautiful.  it is very comfortable and well made.
very comfortable and a solid value for the money.
it fit really well
i got it fast and it looks great. thank you!!
good quality
love the look and feel of the band. have received many compliments on it already !
good quality band. looks good, fits well and seems to be durable.
very good
looks nice! using it with my business attire.
perfect watch band stylish
very nice quality, especially for the price. very good value!
looks great
good quality
excelent
very well made!
beautifully made.  solid leather strap for the apple watch.
just as described and fast shipping!
looks like a brand new watch. very cool!
update: after my watch connector falling apart i posted a negative review below.  i was contacted by someone from mkeke.  i didn't answer the email because i didn't want to mess with it.  the next night i received two phone calls from them.  i didn't answer because it was an unknown number.  they left a nice voicemail trying to get me to contact them about the watch band.  i then received a text from them again trying to get me to contact them.  i then received another email.  i answered this one.  they explained that they were very sorry for the product failing and that they wanted to send me another connector.  i gave them some input on how to better produce the connectors which they said they would take to heart.  two days after them telling me they wanted to send another connector i received a new watchband and connectors.  i wish they would have sent the color that i bought but still they sent me one for free. these connectors are working good so far.  the screws are in tight.  only time will tell if they hold up.  i am going to put some locktite on the screws.  overall i am very happy with this company.  i have never had one try so hard to make up for their mistake.  now i have the original one i ordered and a brown one with the light stitching.  give them a chance.  if the product messes up this company will do what it takes to make it right.
itsss ok i m just a metak watch persumon
nice quality product!
amazing quality
everything about this watch band met my expectations!  it is a high quality & good-looking band.  super easy to slide right into place on my apple watch.  i bought both the black and brown leather bands and am extremely glad i did!  these are very classy bands.  i also like the little thank you notes that are in each package.
i've got both the black and brown of this band and have had numerous apple watch owners ask me where they can get one and how much i paid. after a few times of this, i started having fun with them >:-)  i'd tell people it was $200 and they'd not even balk.  i then told people it was custom made for me and they wanted to know who to call to get theirs.  unreal!  i started telling people that it was a limited edition series, custom made to fit my wrist, & no longer in production.... only to have them offer me big bucks for mine!  in the end, of course i'd finally tell them it was 20 bucks on amazon.  that's when they didn't believe me. it really is a durable, nice looking leather band (and it's less than $20- don't pay hundreds for apple bands)
i was a bit skeptical when i purchased this watchband. however it is the best quality of leather and durability is fantastic. i waited to write a review to see just how durable this band is. i purchased it in november 2016 and wear it everyday.  it has upheld to my busy lifestyle with fantastic results.  my wrist does not get irritated while wearing it like other bands i have had in the past (old watches). it compliments the apple watch series 2 beyond all expectations. i have received so many compliments about the band it's unbelievable. i definitely would recommend this band to anyone looking for a sturdy yet fashionable watchband.
of all the straps i have, this is by far my favorite. i highly recommend it, great quality, look and feel. after having this on my aw i feel apple shouldve sold it with this band... of course they would make it very expensive so i am glad they don't but just to say that it really seems like this band was perfectly suited for the aw.
this has turned out to be my favorite band. good looking, solid. even though the slides are 'shiny chrome' colored, they look just fine inserted into the matte aluminum body. i've been wearing it every day for months now with no wear showing
great item fits perfectly and it's way better then the "apple" ones and especially the price it's great thank u
the band is a little short.  it works ok for me but i have to wear it on almost the last hole and my wrist i'd consider average size at most.
great watch band for the apple watch
great
looks cool
whatever you do don't give apple $149 for a leather watch band.  get these.  better in person than on line.  soft leather nice stitching.  great deal.
amazing item for very cheap price. love my new band
really nice for the price
fantastic band. beautiful and lovely.
**update**
product is very high quality. ive had it for a awhile now and the color has not changed which was one of reason i was hesitant. i recommend it for sure.
i’m sensitive to metals and was worried this band would turn my wrist green, but it hasn’t! also, i did notice that the area where the band connects to the watch face does stick out a little, but i’m still giving it 5 stars based on the color match, the quality of the magnet, the fact that my skin doesn’t turn green with it, and the price. nice.
it is light and comfortable on my wrist. the magnetic lock works well and keeps the watch on snuggly. the band looks much more expensive than what it costs. it is crazy to buy the equivalent apple band which costs more than ten times more. i love.
matched the gold exact
feels and looks the exact same as the apple band in stores. only difference is it is cheaper but they feel the same and it’s just all around so worth the money!!! my boyfriend thinks it’s the real apple one instead of the $20 one!! he doesn’t know!!😂
looks great, works great.
my husband gave me an apple watch for our wedding anniversary. but it came with a very cheap looking band. so i wanted a stainless steel one that looked elegant and not cheap without breaking the bank. this band for sure met my high expectations. defínete recommend.
very happy with this band. it fits perfectly and really dresses up the apple watch.  the magnetic clasp seems very strong which was one of my concerns.  i can't imagine spending the money apple is asking for a band that seems virtually the same.
very good product
great product
love it!
i ordered the gold band and i must say it looks nice! the materials used to make this band are high quality. great bang for your buck.
came across this band for my iwatch, it's a great deal and very fashionable.  good buy
great band. the only thing i don’t like is that it’s so magnetic it often sticks to something i brush by.
el color es exacto al de mi apple watch 42mm, pero es demasiado grande, es decir que aunque lo ajuste a lo máximo que permite me queda muy grande.
love it
i love my new watch band. it fits great and feels fantastic. i love the magnetic band it’s easy to use.
i am a music teacher, which means for seven hours a day i’m playing guitar, piano, drums, dancing and moving.  i was concerned about the magnetic closure but thought the band was so nice looking, and was such a good deal, that i’d give it a try.  this band is awesome!!!  the magnet closure is strong, i haven’t had a slip yet, it even held tightly when i took my kiddos to a trampoline park and we jumped for an hour.  the metal is good quality- i’ve already bumped it several times, and there is no wear i can see so far.  i plan on buying more in other colors!
good buy for the price. the color may come off with time... but for the price... u cant ask for more...
great product, great solid material. only dislike is the length. it’s a little too long for the radius of my wrist, if i could take half an inch off it’d be perfect.
like my new watch band. fits nice into locks and easily adjustable and interchangeable. great deal.
beautiful champagne color! hoping it doesn’t wear too fast!
this band is light and breathable where the sport bands are not, and it’s easy to put on one-handed. i love the black color, and think the other colors would be cool too - i have the space gray watch though.
nice magnetic band
this band looked great.  i bought the rose gold band and it is high quality. the band is stylish and the customer service was excellent. they definitely exceeded my expectations.
this band is nice. i have a super fancy band and now this one is perfect for everyday use and looks so much better than the original band apple watch comes with.
feels like a high quality band!
great value
i am impressed by the quality of the products fit nice and tight and the magnet is real strong. overall really nice product. 👍🏾
i got this as a gift for my hubby and he really likes it. it’s really easy to use and a super quick way to dress up his apple watch instead of the rubber band he typically wears.
i got this for my husband at a gift and it is great! the quality is nice, it is adjustable and durable!
i love this band!! the magnet is just as strong as my apple brand band and it’s pink, but not in your face pink. it’s so discreet really that my husband couldn’t even tell i got a new band 😆 when you put them side by side, it’s super obvious though in my opinion! the only downside i’ve seen (though i didn’t deduct a star because this could be an upside to some, like my husband) is that the band has the ability to come all the way apart like i show in my last photo. i was worried about this at first thinking if it came undone it would fall off, but in my week of wearing it all the time except for sleeping it’s never come off! also, my husband is interested in this style of band, but has never been able to fit his giant hands through it since the apple brand ones don’t come apart, so i’m excited that this brand will work for him!
i love this band! it is comfortable to wear, easy to put on and does not fall off easily as other bands that i’ve bought off of here. i will be buying this for my sister and nieces for christmas.
very good quality watch band! would purchase again
love this! my first watch band besides the one my watch came with and i’m obsessed. i got the rose gold one and it matches my rose gold apple watch perfectly. the band is super adjustable and easy to put on yourself. just pull as tight as you want and place the magnet. i can do it with one hand no problem. looks really sleek and stylish. i’m super happy with it :)
love this new watch band that is dressy looking to wear for more dress clothing.  great band for the price.
lived up to expectations
this band is great! i purchased the rose gold band and was very pleased with the color. the magnet is super strong and holds up to all day wear and tug of anything! highly recommend this band!
it’s very important for a company which has a great customer service. and tirnga get it.it is  lightweight and easy to use.i love this band.
this is a pretty nice band for the price. the band itself is relatively thin and the magnet is super strong, to the point where the band sometimes doubled or tripled up after removing. the biggest complaint is that this band somehow found every loose thread on my knit tops and pulled at them pretty badly.
great, comfortable
bought this as a christmas gift and planning to keep it for myself. i love love love the adjustable band. it has a magnit so nothing to snag you clothes when wearing long sleeves and so so cute. it will be great for keeping my watch in place while at work.
great quality for its value.
one of the best bands that i’ve found for my apple watch for a great price
i had been looking for a new band for my iwatch to change things up a bit and came across this band. i tried it as soon as i got it and i’m really happy with it. the closure makes it super easy to adjust the size and the material of it is comfortable.
this is so nice for the price! easy to attach and really helps dress my watch up!
i bough the rose gold color and it matches my apple rose gold watch face perfectly. comfortable and stylish. easy to adjust size of band with magnetic closure for easy sizing. would recommend to others and plan on getting one in black for my husband as well.
fits well and is stylish.
very happy with the quality of the band for the price. looks awesome with my gold series 4. love this!
i have a similar band for my apple watch so i decided to get one for my husband too. these are great! it makes the watch look a bit more professional and the magnet is very strong so the latch never comes undone.  definitely recommend this watch band.
i bought this for my husband’s apple watch and it looks so nice! i love that it elevates the look of the watch and is easy to install. great product for the price!
i bought this for my husband’s apple watch to match mine. he thought it was going to be a little “girly” for him, but that was not the case at all. it makes the watch look fancier. it is also good quality material, and the magnet is very strong. he loves it so far.
this band is a beautiful matte gold finish. it attaches easily, and the magnet clasp is a cinch. my daughter in law said she loves it for her apple watch. she has a silver watch and the gold is a nice accent.  came packaged nicely to give as a gift too.
good quality for fair price. love it.
really well made for the price. it feels good while wearing and it’s also light so it’s not to heavy. the color looks really good with the rose gold watch.
looks great, fits great, can’t ask for any more.
i have a series 1 and this is a perfect band. it is great quality and a great price. the magnet is uber strong so i am never worried about my watch.
got this for a friend for her birthday.  she says it is just what she wanted.  she really likes the magnetic closure.  the color is perfect!  great quality, highly recommend!
i love the bands the watches come with, but i love these magnetic ones more! they look so much better!
good clean fit to the device. a tiny bit of wear is showing on the magnetic clasp, however fit and feel is superb!
awesome and  amazing!!
i got my mom a new apple watch and this was a gift to go with it she says that she loves it and wears it all the time and that she likes it better then the original band it came with
this band is fantastic. my husband wanted a silver band to dress up his watch a bit, well this band did just that!
this leather band is great and super soft. it is very classy but can also be casual if needed. i would buy this as a gift for anybody who has an apple watch. it is worth the money and at a great price.
band is good, looks exactly like the real apple band, slightly thinner and lighter but fits nicely and comfortable.  good buy for the price. my only complaint is the color.  the band i received is definitely not cobalt blue which is a vivid bright medium blue.  what i got is a very dark navy blue, almost black, nothing at all like the color shown in the main picture.  when i tried to return it, it was not returnable.  so i sent an email and an amazon customer service rep replied on the same day, telling me to keep the item and offering a full refund or exchange with expedited
i purchased the 42mm lavender band as the picture looks just like my 38mm lavender apple band. it’s so not. it’s grey - like like concrete grey - like blends with heather grey shirt i’m wearing. ‘know wasn’t expensive but very much not as advertised & no returns which leaves me now with 2 grey bands & still wanting lavender. bummer. that which appears too good or inexpensive to be true in this case is.
matches color as shown (stone). really nice. very happy with purchase
this is a very well-constructed band and it looks great on my watch. and you can't beat the price! my only complaint - and a mild one - is that it could be a bit longer. i have a big wrist and i have to use the very last clasp hole. that leaves very little band to tuck through the retaining hole (or whatever it's called), so i'm a bit concerned that if i snag something with the band, it might pull out of that hole, causing the watch to fall off my wrist. an extra half inch of band length would - i think - greatly reduce the chances of that happening. alternatively, perhaps the manufacturer could add a third - longer - size to its its models.
love the purple color. secures on your wrist like the genuine apple band (other bands closures are slightly different-- which makes a huge difference, in my opinion). this band is noticeably thinner than the genuine apple band but serves the same purpose. i'll probably buy more colors from this seller!
hot pink color was more neon pink than i expected but i love the color. it seems well made and just like the original gray band except slightly more flexible. it fits perfectly! i came back on the next day and ordered 4 more colors.  one of the best purchases i’ve ever made on amazon. i hope it holds up and lasts.
i wasn't  sure how i would like this color since you really can't tell by looking from the website.  i put it on the watch and i have to say i really like it a lot.  i wasn't sure about the size either being that i have a small wrist for a guy, but i feel good about the m/s size.  to make a long story short this band is well worth the money, and i plan on getting every color that goes with my space grey 42mm apple watch.  thanks.
apple watch band is just like how you’d get from the apple website but soooo much cheaper! highly recommend if your looking for good quality but on the cheap side. also really comfortable to wear. recommend for anyone. company was also really helpful and reached out to me during their own time to ask how i liked the product and if i received it or not. definitely will be buying from this company again.
i upgraded my 1st generation apple watch to the series 4 model. my old watch was a 38mm and the new one is a 44mm, so my old apple branded lime green sport band was not compatible due to the size difference. apple no longer makes these green bands and i'm definitely not paying $50 for another one, so i ordered this one for a fraction of the price since it looked similar. when i received it, i noticed that it's almost identical to the apple branded one i had before. the color is identical, the material is identical and even the smell of it was identical. the only difference is that it has a couple extra holes in it when snapping it on to your wrist, which is always welcome. this proves that apple's brand of sport bands are rip-offs. highly recommended!
i’ve only had it on for about an hour, but so far it’s been what i expected. the band is a bit difficult to close tightly, but the design is based on the original watch manufacturers design, so i can’t complain to much. it was cheap, but i hope it lasts a while.
i ordered 4 bands, in assorted colors, and could not be happier with the purchase.  these bands are just like the brand name bands, but feel lighter when wearing.  the colors are exactly as displayed on the screen for ordering, and the price is great.  shipping, while a bit slower than other prime items (it lists this to be true on the when selecting the item), was still quick.  so far, the bands have held up well.  i always try both the top and bottom bands on my watch to ensure a secure fit, and have yet to have a problem.
perfect band for apple watch.
i love my 42mm watch bands, this is my first time purchasing from iyou and the bands are of excellent quality. the quality looks the same from the apple store except for the price. i absolutely appreciate the colors offered by iyou, iyou have a large variety of colors to choose from. i'm very pleased with my bands.
i have bought many bands for my watch, a variety of silicone, metals, leather, canvas.  i decided to get more of fave colors in silicone since they're so cheap.  these look great and fit perfectly.  bought several.  was planning to buy a pack but wanted colors that didn't come together in the pack combos.
i just got this, so i can't comment yet on performance. but.. i love this color! it's a perfect neutral that will go nicely with lots. very comfortable.
for the most part, i’m happy with the band, however i noticed that after about a week of putting the watch on a couple of times a day, the hole that i had been sticking the metal piece through must’ve lost some of its elasticity, because i have to hold my finger over it when putting the watch on, so it doesn’t become undone. it’s still a great product for its price point though and i would recommend!
if you are looking for a replacement band for your iwatch or just a different color...these bands are amazing. they are just like the original band and fit perfect. the silicone is nice and soft against your skin and wears just as good as the ones from apple. i will be buying more in the future.
great quality , this company really stand for their product ! awesome customer service, thanks .
these are great!! quality very similar to original bands from apple’s band.
my first review consisted of watch band damage. obviously, for the price you cannot expect superior quality, but nonetheless i was not satisfied. i am amending my review, however due to the notable customer service of the vendor. they reached out to me offering to replace the band, and i appreciated that. customer service goes a long way for retention. i will buy again.
best knock-off band yet! this is identical to my apple brand bands. the hardwear, thickness, texture, etc. is the exact same! i bought the “stone” color and i love the neutral tone. it’s nice when i want a slightly warmer look than my light gray apple band. great product! will be purchasing this in more colors.
i liked the price and the band looks just like it does on the website. the color black goes with everything! i mostly like the fact that it fits! (my wrist is small and most watch bands are loose, this one stays on and feels comfortable.
the price was great compared to purchasing from apple. does exactly what i wanted it to do for the price. not bad if your looking to save some money while still having the watch look like when you first purchased it.
this was a great band at a great price. was compatible and seems to be the exact same size as the original apple watch band. will report back if there are any problems or if it doesn't hold up as well.
i purchased the stone colored band before my new apple series 4 watch even arrived.  the 38mm band fits my 40mm perfectly!  the are comfortable, versatile and cute.  so i bought a second one in midnight navy.
love this band. i bought one to make sure i had the right size and l liked the feel of the band. after i got one, i went on and ordered 4 more colors. they are very comfortable and for a fantastic price. can't beat it!
just what i wanted! fit is perfect! just like the one that came on my iwatch! easy to change too!
i purchased the fog grey colour and am very happy with the colour and the feel of the band. the band did arrive with some extremely minor rough edges that most people won’t notice unless you’re like myself and constantly inspect your watch and band for defects. this can be easily solved with 3mins of sanding with some very fine sandpaper to get a perfectly smooth edge. i would definitely recommend this band to anyone looking for a high quality alternative to apple’s sport band at an extremely affordable price.
nice band for a great price. delivered quickly. i will buy more colors from this seller. easy to change out from the previous band & the color matches the online picture. fit is good.
these bands look and feel like the real deal at a fraction of the price.
this blue is super dark, almost black when you look at the band alone, but when you put it on the watch because of the black screen  you can tell its navy. it looks amazing with my rose 42mm watch face.
the band has a similar feeling and finish as the apple one and looks practically identical.  it does what it is supposed to, which is hold the watch securely to my wrist throughout the day and through workouts while being comfortable.  the only knock i would give this is that the silicone material tends to pick up lint sometimes.  i haven't noticed that issue on the apple band, but i have on their silicone cases.  its a nitpick but just something to point out.
i had several different colored bands for my apple watch, but wanted one that was more neutral.  this one fits that requirement perfectly.  it is soft and looks great on.
this band is true to size, a great vibrant color and feels and looks exactly like it’s apple store counterpart.
i just received this band and it fit the 38mm nicely. the yellow is exactly as pictured and so far it seems secure. i am impressed with the price!
a really great watch band for the money & the color was perfect. it is a little more stiff than my two apple watch bands but have loosened up over time.
for the price, i would give this a 6 star rating if i could.  the texture and color are great on the cocoa colored bands. to me, it feels just a little better than the bands that come with the apple watch. not exactly sure what the different is. the m/l size is the same as the apple bands.
great price. feels comfortable and came very quickly
fits well, it feels like and look like the original band  you can buy at apple store but for less money. happy with the purchase!! i don't think anyone can tell the difference just by looking if the band was the original band it came with or a replacement band!! i recommend this item.
i ordered this band to go with summer color clothes and i really like it.  it fits well and feels very comfortable on.  easy to install.  i would definitely recommend this band.
received the iyou sport band for my apple watch yesterday and it was installed in literally seconds.  very comfortable and a nice look.  thank you.
soft band and great color. ordered the rose red as well so i could create a band with two team colors. the rose red has a slight pink tone instead of the deep red it appears to be online but it’s not a deal breaker for me.
great thanks nice band
looks just like the apple brand at a fraction of the cost.  it looks fine with my rose gold iwatch since the only bit of silver showing is the one little dot holding the band.  would definitely recommend.
i like switching my watchbands frequently. i am a bit picky about comfort and quality. i am pleased with this one and will be buying more !!
i bought several of these bands in a few colors for my apple watch. i was able to pick the size (m/l) love them previous bands were too small.
looks just like the apple branded bands but with a  great price, and great colors. only con is the material definitely feels different from apple’s—but not significantly so. a really great buy!
color is perfect! finally, a watch band in wine that is truly a wine color! love it! will be so cute with a fall wardrobe.
love the color!  but the size was too big, the package said s/m but fits like a m/l. heard from them via email, and they are sending me the correct size!  would definitely buy from them again!
i ordered the s/m but the band is still very long on me and sticks off when i wear it. other then that good quality and as described.
nice apple watch band. color is exactly as shown and it fits nicely.
i have ordered several colored watch bands for my iphone watch and am enjoying changing it daily to match my outfit. they are priced easy on the wallet. i have been very pleased with all of them!
it’s a pretty good band for the apple watch.  i’m just not sure i like the color as much as i thought i would.  other than that i think it works well.
don't spend your money ones from the actual apple store. these are a perfect match and cheap enough to buy lots of colors.
for the price, this was a good buy. the quality is pretty much identical to the original band that apple sells for $50! the only down side is, the lavender color i purchased was more like a grayish/stone color and not quite like what is pictured. however, the band is very soft and comfortable to wear and stays secure during my workouts. i plan to buy in more colors!
this item shipped quickly. good color and fit. the band is super soft. great deal for the price.
love it! a little thinner than my apple band and that appeals to me as it’s softer. good quality.
bought these for my wife and she loves them. no complaints here. might try other colors later on.
barbie pink is spot on. good quality. not as smooth/soft as the silicone apple band, but still good quality.
perfect watch band for my apple watch. the price was great too, fast shipping, really like this band
did not thought it would be this beautiful
i'm a member of an alzheimer's walk team. the colors are purple and white. this color band was perfect and easy to change out.
wanted a variety of watch band colors to coordinate with my clothing. these bands fit the bill.
love the color, just the right shade of beige.  received promptly & packaged well.
glad i purchased! looks and feels just like the $50 apple sport band. do yourself a favor and buy this instead of the one at apple, you will not be disappointed. the colors however, are not exactly as shown. i got wine red and in person it is lighter than pictured. dark olive is lighter in the picture looks almost like a dark grey in person. tan looks as pictured.
i’ll admit i had doubts about trying anything that wasn’t an apple product with my apple watch but i couldn’t resist this color or price. the product did not disappoint and i highly recommend to anyone looking for fresh new bands for their apple watch!
perfect fit, color and 6th purchase from this company.  the colors are vibrant and and look so nice on my apple watch
awesome quality! just as durable as the original apple one i got with the watch
fits well on my wrist and is as described.  meets my expectations and is priced well.
finding the perfect color in iwatch bands can be difficult and time consuming. this was perfect!
been using my 38mm green watch band for months now and it’s still like new!
i like the looks of this band. the hue looks great with most of my wardrobe.
these are identical to the bands i purchased at the apple store for 4 times the cost.....
no rusting or anything of the time. have had it for a couple of months and i have noticed that the the color has faded it’s no longer beige. but other then that it does it’s job.
this is a great and inexpensive band for your apple watch  it has held up like my original band.
the band is great quality. i’ll definitely buy other colors from iyou!
very nice band, fits into watch securely. would order from them again.
i love every color of these i’ve purchased. no complaints.
feel soft and color is accurate . great product at good price !
this band is almost as good as the apple band just thinner, great color and for the price you can't complain.
fast service. love the band. matched the description. will order again soon.
these iyou watch bands are the best bands that i have found.  they are the closest to the orginial apple band and have the most comfortable fit.  the colors are beautiful and you won't be dissappointed!!
i purchased two colors, stone and turquoise. they arrived quickly and feel great!
great, comfortable band - just like the real thing> definitely will buy again!
this watch band is great and at a great price
i love this brand of band. the colors are just like the pictures and go perfectly with my apple watch. they are good quality and i can’t tell the difference between these and actual apple bands. i won’t buy any other brand!
this band is very comfortable and reasonably priced. i will be ordering more.
it was easy to put on and it matched by outfit. :)
awesome.  great quality. fits perfectly
it’s the exact color i was looking for and it’s the perfect fit. i have small wrists and it fits great.
great quality product! would definitely buy again.
i absolutely love the quality of the band. it’s very comfortable and looks great! i will ordered more soon!
love the quality and color that i bought!
the band was perfect. just like advertised. i would buy from this seller again
thought it was orange and it is dark coral otherwise nice band.
great band, fits well and doesn't come undone easily like some silicone bands
good quality. wife likes it.
i love the color and material.
fits perfectly, & love the color!
this product is identical and the price is amazing!! i bought 2 colors the stone and sand pink which matches to original color that came when i purchased the watch.
i love the band, color is great  fits perfect very fast shipping  great seller
i love it! it’s the perfect color. it’s better than the original apple band, this one fits perfect on my wrist since they’re small and skinny, it doesn’t look bulky! thank you.
i ordered the antique white for myself and the dark olive for my husband. they’re great for the price point. i would say they feel a little stiffer than the actual apple sport band, but it could be that they will loosen up a bit with wear. the colors are spot on. i will be ordering more in other colors!
i love my new watch band.  the color is great.  delivery was as promised.
like everything about it
great for working out!
love the color. i know i will enjoy wearing it.
looks cool and fits great!  buy it!!!
love love love this band!!! i want to order more colors soo
looks amazing and very comfortable.
great band. comfortable with nice colors. it took a little time to receive it though.
color exactly as described!
can't beat the price, quality or color. great product - i get compliments every day!
i love that there are so many colors. between my husband and i we have a selection
product was as described
just received the band and it’s very nice and good quality i will be ordering more colors
this is as well made and the fit is perfect just like the one that came with the watch.  it is a great replacement
the product looks and feels no different than the iwatch band that originally came on the watch. very easy to switch on and off and seems to be staying with no problem. also the color is exactly what i was expecting. overall, i’m happy with the product and it was a great price.
great fit for my new apple watch. the gray color looks great with my silver watch. can't beat the price!
the band fits perfect and looks just like the apple band. will def purchase more colors from this seller.
love the color very bright and soft material
i'm struggling to upload pictures right now, but trust me this is a great product! i is basically a cheap apple watch band. i've had a great experience with mine... however make sure you order the right size!
nice
super cute and sporty.
i’m very pleased with my purchase and the service provided by amazon.  the apple compatible watch band was everything i hoped it would be.
great value!
fits great, nice color
i really like this watchband and the price was even better.  i purchased the smaller band and it fits great.  would definitely order more.
such a lovely pink!
i love this band-i’ve tried several and this one is the best so far!
perfect nude color & matches my watch perecftly
love it
love the color!
i love my watch band. it’s a beautiful pink color. it looks just like my apple watch band. i’m so happy i bought another one in a different color
ordered these for my daughter she loves them!
woww same quality as original apple band and fits perfectly in watch.
love it!!! just what i was looking for.
it looks great and seems secure!
it’s perfect! i’d order again!
nice and as described.
38 mm works fine on 42mm watch. fast shipping to texas.
pretty pink color and good quality band
love..,i will order again
comfortable. great color. can’t tell it’s not original band.
i was very pleased with this band. it fits my apple watch perfect. quality is as good as my original apple band. would highly recommend them. thank you again for great customer service!!
fits exactly like the band that came with my watch. it’s actually a bit softer and more comfortable. will definitely order more colors.
wonderful band. i will definitely buy again.
very happy with apple band 😍
this band is perfect! i bought one for me and my mom. we love it!
perfect for my apple watch, i will order more colors :)
love it! exactly as expected. shipped quickly, packaged well. very soft. fits perfect!
daughter ordered. she loved it. thought it was better than original since this one is more flexible.
love this band! the walnut color is great and the band is very comfy. i received this really quickly and i love it!
love it !!it goes with any color i ware
color vivid and compatible with i watch
love it
great product
fit perfectly and comfortably!
love these bands.  fit beautifully and i love the fact that they come in s/m size instead of “one size fits all” type.  own 3 of them and would only buy this brand again.
great color and delivered on time
i love the colors of the bands, ( i bought 2), they were very easy to put on!  they were delivered quickly
it's good and the price ok,
it fit perfectly & looks nice with my watch, i purchased a rose red one as well
love this band. it is the perfect color. i wanted a pale pink color instead a darker pink. fits great, no issues.
super good
the band fits nice. it's a tad bigger than band that is sent with the watch.
i like the color, feels cheap but works well
very satisfied. quality was excellent. fit was great.
love the purple color! it is a beautiful royal purple. watch band feels good on my wrist and fits perfectly! back to buy another color.
love it
love it! i looks and feels like the apple band. the color is very vibrant and looks just like the photo. will buy more colors!
nice band
very happy with purchase.
affordable and fast shipment
good quality.
it feels so soft but durable like the original, color comprarison between the original & new pink one i got
fantastix
excellent product. $7. just an amazing deal!
it fits well and has a great quality, feels exactly like the original apple watch band.
exactly as described.  ❤️the color!  i can see myself wearing this time @ time again.  shipping was fast!  thank you for your prompt service.
beautiful, thank you!
soft band, easy to adjust, love it!
nice watch band. the fit is a little small even though i measured....should have gotten the next size up.
i love this product. arrived quickly.
fits and looks great!
these watch bands are great
this band is great! it’s very soft, lightweight, and comfortable. it was so hard choosing a color because of the many great options - but i ordered “stone” and am very happy with it. i will definitely order more colors in the future!
looks & preforms professionally. happy with it
a plus product
perfect and high quality
just like the band that came with my apple watch! ❤️
it fit my i watch perfect! just like the band that came with watch.
arrived a day earlier! good quality and easy to change. i’ll definitely be back for more colors!
absolutely love my band! i got it earlier than expected, the color is great-i got the mint color. the band fits my watch perfectly and i haven’t had any issues.  great buy for the price!!
fit perfectly on my iwatch. i like the color.
this looks, feels, and fits just like the bands included with the apple watch. i got the antique white color and love it. it’s a great neutral color. also, the price point is amazing. looking forward to purchasing more!
i loved the price and that it was identical to the color of the one i bought 3 years ago at apple.
nice band. better than the usual off brand bands for the iwatch.
a little loose where it connects to the watch when i first got it but now it is fine.. im thinking the connector was stuck or something.  otherwise a good band  just as described.
lovely color. perfect fit.
it’s perfect
the band is soft which makes it more comfortable on my wrist.
thank you.  i love it!
love it! look like the original one from apple.
just as advertised. not a problem!
comfortable and easy to wrar
love the band
the quality is incredible and i will definitely be ordering more colors! thank you so much, fits perfectly and looks just like the picture and like a real apple watch band!
love it but it’s very hard to fasten. my band that came with my watch fastens with ease, but this one takes a lot. it’s a pretty soft pink. high durability & i will order more.
it’s light but it’s wonderful. the price you pay for is completely worth it! i have been wearing my band for almost a week and a half now and i have it on just like my original apple band.
good buy will buy from seller again
it’s okay. the quality is lower than an apple band, but for the price you can’t complain. my only complaint is that it’s listed as nickle free, but definitely isn’t. made my skin really irritated
quick, easy, and low priced.  that makes it a perfect purchase!
soft, good quality and got here very quickly in perfect condition! great price as well!
great fit  & great price
so soft and comfy.
i love it!! its literally the peach band from apple, but cheaper!!!
great! bright color nice
good quality
great color and band for the price
awesome color and feel!
my wife is really enjoying the watch band. we have no issues to report at this time.
i love it!  the color is almost the same as what i wanted in the apple watch band and they were out of it.  thank you.
i love the color of the band. i feel like it warms up the hard edges of the watch.
love it super cute
nice
great band. small fits perfectly. glad there are sizes. love the color.
fits great!
exactly what described
very satisfied with item! thank you!!
quality. easy to install
i really like the color. it also arrived a day earlier than expected.
this bands quality is grade a if i do say so myself. the texture is almost exactly like apples quality unlike a lot of other bands that i’ve ordered.
yes
nice color. pretty much exactly like the picture.
absolutely amazing! better than i expect, very sturdy. highly recommend
when putting my watch on, sometimes the little knob slips out of the hole. once you get it fastened, there isn’t any problem.
nice
band is really nice and soft, and came earlier then expected.
great fit (comfortable). nice quality. excellent value. and delivered quickly. thanks!
i haven’t used it yet, but the quality looks good.
i love the color. i will be buying from them again.
i ordered 3 different colors for my iwatch 42mm.  they were delivered very promptly with free delivery.  all bands fit perfectly.  very satisfied.
great product so far. smooth and a lighter feel than the apple product. will purchase another in a different color.
great my girlfriend loves her band.
looks just like the band the apple watch comes with! i love it so much! it’s very true to color
really nice looking. smooth and sleek. color is as pictured. a great buy.
great product
watch band as described, the only problem is that it seems to pick up “fluff” i’m hoping it’s because it’s brand new.
i absolutely love it!
came in great condition! love it!
great quality and it fits just perfect! not to mention the color is nice. i really like this product and recommend it. definitely will be buying more.
not as think as an authoapple strap but good quality
you can tell the difference between this band and the actual apple watch band but it definitely works well with the watch.
just perfect what i was looking for the color and the length of the band
great band. works awesome
good watch band but is not identical to apple version. this one is a little thinner but the color is true to the pictures. i got navy blue. worth the price, i would buy this buy again.
this band is so hq you wouldn't even know it's not from apple. feels just like the expensive almost $50 ones.
great watch band and it comes in lots of colors.
i like it!
awesome band. durable, comfortable, and very nice. get tons of compliments on the color as well. will order more colors in the future
great! good quality
i really love the color, the soft feel, and never once has come off or ripped. i recommend it!
i love it! really awesome color, hard to find! thank you
great quality product especially for price! much better than others i’ve bought in stores.
it’s identical to the apple band, but it gets “gunk” stuck with it easily.
i was completely satisfied with this product.
excelent
i loved this product. the color is amazing and the product is sturdy & well built. very satisfied!
i like the bands a lot. i plan on buying several more colors for myself and as gifts. color match the description.
perfect fit. good quality.
great price. nearly identical to apple’s bands. definitely would recommend.
very nice watch band. lot better than original apple band.
the bands are perfect!
absolutely beautiful
the flexibility on the wrist band is excellent, the color is my girls favorite
the concrete (light gray) has a small slit on the short side. still wearable just afraid as time passes may tear. other than that absolutely love the bands!!!!
excellent quality band! highly recommend this iwatch band!
material feels great. easy to clean.
so far so good! color was as expected. thinner than the true apple band but seems to be good quality and holding up well. would recommend!
i love the color it’s just like the picture. it’s comfortable too i will order more colors!
i ordered multiple colors and they were superb except one blue colored one which seller offered to refund . overall very good experience.
cool, basic, black, fits great, looks great.
looks great, arrived on time!
it’s perfect and love the color. i can use it everyday!!
adorable! luv the color and shipping was very fast.
yes i love the band.  i got the cocoa in the s/m size and it is a little smaller than the original band that came with my apple watch.  it fits perfectly!
delivery came fast as promised !!! very durable , stylish will buy more
very good price ! loving the color and quality of my new favorite band . will purchase different colors from this seller !
fits perfect
i love these bands.  they are very comfortable and fit my series 1 watch perfectly.
nice
i received exactly what i wanted color and fits great
love the color!
love the color and its secure arond my wrist
great watch band! you can adjust  to fit perfectly! great price
fits perfectly. very happy
i love this band so much! it is so comfortable!
looks good and ok.
soft, comfortable band. i use this band for workouts and hikes. easy to switch in and out.amazing price!
love the band! looks amazing and good quality!
works great so far
i read a lot of people complaining that this "lavender" wasn't really a purple and they were kind of bummed. while i will say that is true, it is exactly like its pictured-- more of a stone, gray, slightly purple tinted color (which in my opinion is prettier and more versatile anyways).
arrived well ahead of schedule. product was exactly what i wanted. great company.
very nice slick and all love it i recommend it !
it's perfect... i love it!
it was just the color i was looking for and the fit was perfect!!!
such a great band.  ridiculous how apple asks you to pay $40 for the same product.
i love it
perfect fit
i really like this band! can’t beat the price and it is identical to the one that came with my apple watch!
product was shipped & received very timely. watch band was as expected. i would order again.
very nice and good for the price.
really nice band. hard to tell difference from apple ones
great product fit my watch perfectly and good quality!
awesome band, i’ve had it for 2 weeks now and it’s a strong band.
love this forget its on.
love the color!
love my band!
shipped a day late, but otherwise a nice band.
looks and feels and functions exactly the same as apples brand watch bands
i love this band. excellent quality, fits perfect and accurate color description. highly recommend for iwatch
great quality and fit my watch perfectly
i'm thrilled with it and have ordered a few more in other colors. at this price, why not?
me gusta
this band is very nice, exact same color as the picture. th band is nice and thicker than a lot of third party apple watch bands.
i loved it and it looks flawless
i love it, it's great quality and easy to apply!
great!
i like the way the soft silicone feels and i like the closure of the sport strap.
love it! thought it was going to rip easily, but it works great!
very good quality and excellent price
really like it, just like i was expecting. a little bit thinner than the real apple bands but they look and feel good!
i’ll never purchase another apple band. these are the exact same for a fraction of the price!
gave this to a friend and she loves it!
good quality band for the price, no problems installing or issues while using.
i love the quality and color of this band
great product. looks just like the $49 apple watch bands.
ameiiiii 😍 the best,
great look fit and feel for a great price
the color is just as advertised - it slips right on and off easily and is very comfortable and durable.  very satisfied!
snazzy band
i am wearing this now and i love it!
plain and simple. you get what you asking for. can’t complain
quick delivery and exactly as advertised. highly recommend!
great
i loved the color!
liked my wrist bands.  very fast shipment.  great quality.  bands were compatible with my iwatch.
amazing price feels like apple band!
i love this band... it’s the actual color in the picture. i like the quality and the price.
works good,  only thing wish was deeper red.
color as pictured! i love it!! fits perfectly!
love this band. it’s thick without being uncomfortable. the price was great to.
i liked this product a lot. it is cheap and just the same as the original. very much satisfied. thank you.
good
good
lighter weight an fits great!!!
works like a charm. exactly as described!
the color of the watch matches what was showed on amazon.
love the color.
looks just like the ones from apple. great quality!
i love the feel and how similar the product is with the real apple watch band.
love this
great bands. i ordered 6 colors. very pleased so far!
looks as good as my original apple sport bands.
it feels very soft, smooth, and comfortable on my wrist.
cute and received quickly
nice just thin
bought this for my fiancé and she loved it. no complaints.
as advertised.
like the product
i love it
could bend a little easier but other than that it’s great!
this band was exactly what i was looking for!
pretty
great fit and color
ordered  walnut color and loved it.
perfect black watch band
me encantaron, ninguna diferencia con los originales
i like the quality which is close to my apple band. i love the price which allows me to purchase a variety.
fast service. good quality!
great color. going to buy some more of these in different colors
the band is very comfortable and just as good as the apple brand.
good quality. comfortable band.
i love my apple watch band could not be happier
love my new band!
the band arrived when promised. satisfied customer!
great quality
thanks
quick shipping. perfect color for all seasons
great band, great price!
great quality band; will buy this again in a different color!
they were just what i ordered! i love them!!
perfect fit and color
great quality! fast shipping. will be ordering more!
awesome!!! just like the authentic apple bands. love it!
very soft material and i ioved it!
exactly like the photos.
i love love love these bands. i am super pleased with my purchase!
perfect fit, just like what i got with the watch!
my daughter loves this band.  very good quality too!
i loved how they were available right when i needed to reach out.
the band works great
fits perfect. identical to apple band. have in many colors.
everything perfect
color is comparable to picture. nice quality for the price!
love the band. plan on ordering more.
works great
the wristband is as advertised
great bands for my apple watch
met expectation
love it thanks
fits perfect. nice replica of genuine apple band.
love the color. band fits perfectly and the clasp is very secure.
perfect fit.
this is exactly what i’m looking for.
me gusto mucho
quick shipping.  watch band color exactly like photo.
good quality
great quality.  feels and wears just like my apple band
love my band, it fit perfect and looks so pretty.💗
love my new apple watch band!!! very comfortable!
great for price.  doesn’t stay closed as good as original band.
llego bien me encanto
it looks like an original one. worth every penny 😉
looks and feels just like the apple brand watch for so much less!!
color
great color, very comfortable band.
i’m very pleased and satisfied with my  purchase!
this band is exactly what i wanted
great product. well made.
like
i loved it !
fits perfectly
amazing product!!! and such an amazing color
very comfortable! love the color
just like the real deal and got it fast!
love it!
nice fit, nice change instead of standard iwatch band.
i loved the color and the fast delivery
amazing color , very light .
perfect! shipped quickly and it’s just as pictured!
love it ! good quality
worked perfect for 42” apple watch!
as described and fast delivery thank you
love it
great color and product
very satisfied. i would purchase again
pretty good quality
good
good
excellent product
my son loves it
the product looked exactly like the pictures.
good condition! amazing price
rich color very nice quality
excelente ! lo recomiendo al 💯
love it
execlente 😍
looks and feels awesome
perfect fit.
love the color. it matches my shirts perfect
i was very pleased
muy buena calidad
perfect!
i love love love this band!
nice color !
colors and size are true to their description.
perfect
perfect
me guata
awesome
good
everything
i loved it
a. little stiff
good quality
great product !
great color!
i liked the color and fit.
great items
love it
very good quality
it's probably one of my favorite bands. soft, bendable, comfortable. will no doubt be buying more.
some instructions would have been nice since i had put one side on upside down and was left with a long tag.  my daughter and her friend both had done the same thing so they were able to help me get in on the right way.  it is too early for me to give a fair judgment since i got it a few minutes ago but i think i am going to like it for using in the pool.  it is light weight and soft, the color was just as described.
feels great, and looks great with the rose gold finish on my watch. i also bought the wine red and it looks awesome with that as well gives it the hermès look without the price i know it’s completely different but it’s cute for a mix up. happy so far i just received them today so i’ll review again if something goes wrong.
these are great! i have theee colors now and literally cannot tell the difference between these and the white one that came with my watch. for the price you can have one in every color. i wear these more than the super expensive mesh one that i paid almost $200. i like these because they work in the steamroom and pool too. so far no fading or anything.
quality is great but i have a big wrist and it is too tight.
perfect thanks
i ordered the antique white and it’s super cute omg..expectations exceeded for sure. will be buying more colors
i loved the band itself. fit perfectly.
i love the color and it came real fast
i like it
love it
i mix and matched to get the hermes band effect. what will your mix and match be
exactly as expected!
love this apple watch band
it was just as described. stays on secure.
it fits and i love it.
it fits perfectly just like they said it would i love the color i ordered antique white and i just love it, i intend on buying more colors  to match what i’m wearing for that day
this is a bright color watch band and it fits great. the color is a bright tangerine.
love the band! shipped faster than expected and looks and feels amazing!
easy to install, nice color, comfortable
excellent
my daughter gave me complements in the color!
very nice.
no complaints based on the price and color.
just as described
i love the color and the band!! i will order more in the future.  after reading the reviews i was a little nervous about what i would receive so i just ordered 1 red band.  i truly am happy with my watch band!!!
perfect!! this looks just like an apple watch, if not better. very nice quality and it so cute. absolutely love this.
it’s fits find not like apple brand but for the price i have no complaints.
thank you for my replacement 42 mm cocoa brown band  and the extra gift bands . love it
it fits perfectly, i love the color, i intend on buying more colors to match what i’m wearing for that day.
they were so perfect and are really soft material! they fit amazing, i ordered the 32mm m/l. thanks for the cute watch bands!
nice
love this band!!!  it’s just like the one that came with my watch, but a different color!  i will be purchasing more!!
i love the band, the rich color, the fast shipping, the price, and how it pairs really well with the rose gold watch color. thanks a bunch!✌🏾
great price & looks just like the apple store product!
great quality and love the color!
as expected , great color , soft.
buen producto
great product! like the black better then the white one i had.
love it!
love it! fits just like the original apple band!!
the color i wanted. difficult to get in the stores.
nice product
love the color it’s really soft. softer than expecting.
love the color!
i loved it, sure i will get other colors 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
quick ship, love the product- thank you!
closest match to apple factory band out there!
it fits perfectly! thank you so much!
fits comfortably but color is lighter than picture.
it’s perfect
i am enjoying my bands
these are the same quality, size, and style as the original band on my apple watch.
i was hoping for real tan/brown band but this one is more skin toned.  so it's ok, but not flashy.  if you are looking to make your watch blend in, it's ok.  hard to match with the bumpers - maybe a gold one?  anyway, it stays on in exercise and swimming and is well made like the original one that came with my watch.  for me personally, i want to order this in a better color.
nice quality
this is a christmas gift i am giving to my daughter, but from what i can tell so far, just from feeling the package and seeing it through clear packaging,, it appears to e a very nice watchband.  it feels very supple and i think should be quite comfortable.  the light teal green color is very pretty.  for the price, i am anticipating success!
good spare band for iwatch
love the black band!
i love it, feels just like the original apple band!
i haven’t had a problem with my band it fits nice on my wrist so comfortable and also looks nice on my wrist also delivered was a smash on time... thank you iyou
the band is nice but it fits a bit small.
great watch band! it is affordable and looks awesome.
not flimsy or cheap feeling
similar design, size, and feel as the original sport band that came with my new series 4. i came from a series 2, 42 mm and they fit perfectly.  due to the low price point, i was able to buy a few in different colors. i am quite satisfied and highly recommend them.
just like the band that came with my apple watch but wayyyyyy less expensive.
goood
great quality material for band. fits apple watch perfectly.  good rich color
great bands for the price!  i bought several in different colors.  although i haven’t used them all as they are gifts for my grandchildren, the one that i bought for myself is performing well.  it not only feels but looks like an original apple watch band at a fraction of the price!  highly recommend this product.
great watch band! excellent fit and look! 1/3 of the price!
colour was exactly as it looked in the photo. i have many bands from this seller and all have withstood a lot of workouts & daily wear
good quality, exactly what i was looking for.
loved the iwatch band. the color is just as depicted online and the quality is amazing. i already have a few iwatch bands and this one is really one of the ones i like the most.
my wife was thrilled with the new band for her watch.  it is a great value, especially compared to the cost of bands from the apple store.  great work, this band looks excellent!
wife ordered and loves it. matches her uniform.
seems great so far. great color
nice one.
very good quality
what i expected
i really like my new apple watch band.
cute and perfect fit
nice color!
i bought the ocean blue band and it is beautiful. fit the watch perfect and stays nice and fit on my wrist. the snap is secure and the band has this nice matte finish. definitely recommend. i plan to buy other colors.
great product! recommended! looks like very expensive, well finished, good quality! worth it!!!!
good watch band
looks just as picture
i bought two bands, one is a little rough around the edges and the other is great. they are good for the price but quality is inconsistent
very similar to apple watch band. fits well. great color. easy to put on. easy to clean.
nice
i love this
nice product with very quick delivery.  thank you.
definitely a value for the quality
nice beige color.
fits and works great
i love it. i can’t never go wrong with the silicone iwatch bands. they’re so durrable. easy to put on and take off. i think i own about 15 differed colors not including the fancy chain ones... so pretty 🤩🤪
waiting to see
i like it! and i think i’ll buy some more!
great selection to choose from at a great price.
i wanted a neutral color band and it’s sometimes difficult to see the true color from company’s generic pics. sooooo i decided to buy several (i have an new addiction lol). for those like me who really wanna see the difference in colors, here u go. from l to r: white, antique white, stone, walnut. you’re welcome...i also bought the purple band. couldn’t decide on pink sand vs new pink sand so i bought both. pink sand is extreeeemely light. new pink sand has more pink to it. i prefer that one. see photos attached.
i read many of the favorable reviews here before i made the purchase. both of the colors i ordered (stone and mint) met my expectations and were similar to the colors depicted online. the stone is a soft, warm light gray/putty color that's fairly neutral, and the mint is a muted warm light green -- again, similar to the photo on amazon.
very nice inexpensive band
fits great. nice colors
initially, i was not sure whether the quality of the product will hold up, and it's easy to be swayed by the number of reviews. i ordered because it was such a great price. well, i'm glad i bought it because the quality is great, they feel just like the original and have met all of my needs. the difference is that it's slightly thinner. that's it. for this price, it's hard to beat. i'll be adding more to my collection. thanks.
snug fit and feels like the original. great value!
i chose the color pink sand based on reviews pictures and it’s pretty accurate. very cute color. price is great and feels good quality.
thx .  watch band fit perfectly. arrived quickly.
great, hugely recommend!! great price
beautiful vibrant pink.
great inexpensive alternative the the ones from apple.
great price. great quality. i highly recommend this brand.
like it. was so much like original apple band
i love the look the black band gives my watch.  arrived quickly and it is just what i wanted.
great products purchased three additional !!!👍🏽
looks like the exact color shown in the picture. fits great.
as far as off brand bands go, these are good, especially for the price. i love the look and feel. the purple one i ordered fits great. the pink one seems bigger, which is frustrating because i love the color. i wish it fit like the purple. on the same hole, it’s too big, and it’s too tight if i go one more.
i've ordered many different bands for my apple watch and this is by far the best quality for the price.  highly recommend.
prompt delivery and the item is just as described. will order from again.
arrived on time. looks like i ordered one size bigger than what is needed. it is my fault. my wife likes it. the quality looks fine and is similar to the apple original. it fits apple watch series 4.
love it. perfect cause i don’t mind getting it wet. and it’s a good price!
great just like the original
fit nicely and very durable
took only a few seconds to attach, and works just as expected.
i like the color
fits good and looks great!
great price and fits my new apple series 4 watch
love the quality and color of these bands.
i ordered the black 38mm s/m. it looks exactly like the picture shows, and seems to be good quality.
excellent band, looks wonderful, fits apple watch perfectly  and cost only a third part of apple’s prices! thnks!
don't buy the apple watch band on the store, buy it here, they are the same and in a much lower price.
the watch band is exactly as they described it.  seems like good quality.  i'm happy!
strong closure and love that is silicone but not sticky. good quality.
loved the texture and color!
love the color & love the flexibility of the band - plus it got to me on time
item ordered arrived on time and exactly what it looks like in the picture.👍🏻
for 85% cheaper than what the apple store charges... you can’t beat it. good quality almost identical to apple’s quality. i bought 6 colors for the price of one from apple.
totally comparable with the originals from apple, i’ll said i shouldn’t pay the 50 dlls for the originals i’ll buy each color
definitely worth the buy , great !!!
the closest substitute to the original band that came with my watch.
me encanto
the band fits my watch nicely...but that's about it. it is not at all the color portrayed in the picture. it's more of a light mint color and as i already have a band that color i'm now with 2 bands that are essentially the same color because there are no returns/refunds allowed for this item (which i did not see posted anywhere on the original listing.) it's a nice product, i just don't want to have 2 of the same item.
i love the color! i ordered the pink one, it’s a great remake of the apple one. it was kind of hard to get on though.
this item was shipped quickly and works perfectly with my apple watch
it’s perfect! color is exactly what i expected.
i ordered the vintage rose color and i love it so much. it matches the rose gold apple watch perfectly. it fit perfectly as well on the watch. the item shipped fast. i will be definitely buying more bands from this seller. thank you for the product!
good quality!  i’m very pleased with the watch band, and i’m picky!!
all was good, delivery from fedex was a bit weird however, the item arrived so all is good
product fits and looks fine as advertised
fits perfect on apple watch
i purchased the new series 4 watch and the band fits perfect. i will purchase more. the red is a nice color.
it smelled so bad when i took it out of the packaging. i left it out for a few hours and the smell went away.
very similar to standard apple band.  slightly thinner, but very comfortable. has worn nicely.  excellent value.
bands are perfect!. exactly like the apple bands.  perfect fit and easy to use.  great colors!!
i really love the pretty purple color, it is vibrant and matches my iphone case.
love the look of this band!!
i love this color - very soft, goes with everything. band is perfect, just like the one from apple! great price!
easy change, like much better than the one that came with the watch. will update if there are any issues with quality
so i ordered my apple watch and just couldn't stand the way the silicone band felt on my wrist! went online in search of something not to expensive but durable and able to enjoy wearing with my busy lifestyle! i came across this watch band and read reviews for this seller along with reviews for others and i kept coming back to this seller due to reviewers and the price!
finally finally found a strap that fits well on my tiny wrist.. i love the jet black color too.. goes really well with my rose gold dial.. in love 😍
the quick version: i love these quality bands and, if you like a nylon sport band, i think you will too.
while other reviewers were right about the material having flaws, what can you expect for the price? it also isn’t a perfect fit in the band-slots so if you are messing with it, the shift a little. but i have had this for over a month, worn every-day including to sleep and have had no issues.
5 for comfort, 3 for looks.
update - seller contacted me immediately after i posted this negative review, offering to send me a replacement band, which he did. the first band was too tight, so tight in the slot i couldn't remove it. the second band was too loose and easily pulled out of the slot until i figured out how to make sure it was actually connected into the slot on the apple watch. i can not pull on it and it doesn't come out but i'll have to remember this every time i change it. it is a very nice looking band and looks great with my pink watch. i do believe one usually gets what they pay for and thanks to the great customer service i would buy another band from this vendor. i give him 5 stars for customer service and i'll give the band 4 stars because it is a knock-off and not as good as the apple brand.
i received my first band about a week ago, it was a decent band but one of the lugs was a bit lose (the one at the end of the strap, not the one it loops through).  the seller reached out to me to see how i liked the product at which point i told them my experience and they immediately replaced it.  i received my new one today, it is slightly better than the other one but it is still not as tight as the side of the band where it loops through.  this is not a deal breaker though for me since once the band is on your wrist the tension resolves the issue and it is still secure enough that the band doesn't feel like it will come off.  overall i think its a great band for the money.
this pink sand band is a good match to the series 3 gold. it is a pinkish neutral color, with the band having a hint of color woven in. the end attachments are a metallic color close enough to the series 3 gold (not completely perfect if you look really close in bright light, but closer than the original pink sand band that came with it). i was a little worried having seen reviews where people referred to the band as baby pink or solid pink, but it’s definitely a pink sand, with the center having a hint of other colors. i’ve attached a photo showing it next to the original apple pink sand band. i have a small wrist, and the 38m band has 1.5” to spare before the end would touch the case when i wear it. i think it looks more neutral than the original silicone band, and is more comfortable.
the only official band i own with my apple watch is the included sport band from its purchase. this sport loop band is my new favorite third party option for my watch for every day usage. any type of band with a form of buckle, or post and hole closure can never be an exact fit, and my wrist always seems to be a size between the actual settings. i love being able to leave the band a little loose during the day, and then tighten it slightly during my workouts, to ensure that the hr readings are accurate while i exercise.
great buy!!! however, it is larger (longer) than the apple brand name and in the last picture you will see an imperfection (does not effect over all useage) just not perfect. also i noticed that both sides of the band is more ridged than apples, but all an all despite these few differences; this is a great buy and when you think about it, our lives are busy today. i can’t spend 50 bucks on a strap that i want to match an outfit, or use just for workouts, or when i work on my scrap metal. at this price i can replace often and what i didn’t realize is that these kind of bands have a life expectancy, since the velcro wears out. so even at apple’s price point; that is very expensive. buy with confidence, if you have small wrists stay away until they make them the same size as apple band.
not an exact copy of the official apple sport loop, but that isn't necessary. it looks good, and has held up well so far.the color is great. the fit is good. unlike the apple sport loop, this loop uses metal instead of plastic for the part that connects to the apple watch. the only problem with this difference is the paint has chipped off to expose the metal underneath. this chipping obviously won't happen with the plastic on the official loop. overall i would buy again. i will update my review if the durability of the loop becomes a problem.
as soon as apple released the sport loop i’ve wanted one, but did not want to pay the $50. finally once these were released i could finally order one.
let me start by saying that the quality of the band is great! i have used it time and time again during workouts, hiking, mountain biking, you name it. it feels secure at all times! it even felt secure when i noticed that one of the rubber pieces at the connector had come off.
the band is my new favorite! i like being able to readjust it precisely to what i would like. having a buckle forces you to wear the band a little too tight or a little too big. this velcro band feels fairly high quality, but i have not been able to compare it to apple's original. also, the velcro is not loud so nobody turns their head when i readjust it. the fabric is soft, but does not dry entirely too quickly when immersed in water.
just about indistinguishable from the band apple sells for $50. i’ve been wearing this one about 3 weeks and so far so good. have gotten it wet and it sheds water nicely.
i love my apple watch 3 but did not appreciate the watchband that came with it at all! it kept getting loose throughout workouts and daily activities so that i had to readjust again and again. this watch band entirely changed all that! i am totally thrilled with the easy adjust capability of this band! at this price, get a couple of them to change out your accessorizing to match the wardrobe! perfect all the way around...
husband didn't know if he liked it at first, but now it is his go-to band. it has made it through boy scout summer camp and multiple work trips. it is much more breathable than the original apple band that came with his watch. he likes it so much that i finally got a similar one for myself. mine just came in the mail today and i love it. it is much more comfortable than the previous apple band i had been using. he has had his band since march and it looks the exact same today as it did when he first got the band. overall, very happy with both bands. also, spending $10-12 over $49 at apple makes us even more pleased with our order.
this is the second qifit band i have bought on amazon. i also have purchased the 42mm version in midnight blue, which is actually more of a lilac color. i have to say i love the midnight blue version; it is soft and durable, extremely comfortable. however, this dark black model is a bit shorter (harder to fit over my hand) and stiffer and a little rougher. it works fine, looks good. maybe it needs to be broken in?
fit and quality is actually pretty good! i’m scared mine will fall out cause it wiggles from front to back of the latch not side to side. the cut for the latch is otherwise pretty precise. if anything happens, i will add a follow up review.
this is the watchband i use when riding my bike.  it’s made of cloth, which is more comfortable when working out, than the watch bands that come standard with the apple watch.
i got the new apple watch that came with the olive version of this band.  my dog chewed on it so i bought another one from apple. she got to that too. i decided to not spend 50 bucks and try this one out. it’s not an apple quality product, but very few products are. it’s a great product for its price point. this is my initial view of the product but things may change in time.
i actually like this wrist band/loop more than i thought i would. the pink tint along with the black actually looks good with my rose gold face. i would order from this company again. the shipment arrived on time, and in great condition. the price for the band seems fair. i have had it for over a week, and so far no genetic issues with the band. thanks!
great band for the $, my only issue is what others said, the connection to apple watch is loose, i wish it was a little tighter but that is my only complaint, however, i will say it has not popped off nor do i suspect it will just wish it was tighter. this is my second color of this band and both have the same semi-loose connection.
i received the band a few days ago & so far absolutely love it.  it’s so easy to put on and stays securely in place on my wrist. my previous band was a leather loop with a magnetic closure. it was nice, but i continually had to readjust & tighten.  after 6 months it fell apart. this new band is sturdy & extremely well made.  the velcro closures are great!
to be clear, the product is similar to apple sport loop, but not identical. the only similarity is concept. both material and dimensions are different. in this case "different" doesn't necessarily mean "worse". material is nice to touch and doesn't cause fatigue. one potential issue i see is this loop can be more susceptible to wear and tear compared to apple's product. however, at third of apple's loop price this band is no brainer. hence 5 stars review.
identical to sport loop sold by the cupertino company at a fraction of the cost. top notch quality. love it!! probably made on the same line in the same factory. i’ll be buying more. you can’t go wrong with this band!
the band came right on time as expected. it fits quite comfortably and helps feel weightless on the wrist. i work in a construction trade and being outside it is breathable and washes off great. i used it the first time while doing yard work and held up awesome. rinsed right off in the pool/shower. the only hitch that bothers me is i got the largest size for my wrist and it does struggle slightly to come off because the velcro gets caught up on the loop. not such a big deal at all. for the money it’s a great buy.
i was debating on paying the high price of $49.99 for an apple style band but decided to wait and look for one on amazon. i made the right decision and saved money. this band does job and it is very very comfortable to wear. get yourself one or a couple!
the weave is a little loose, but what do you want for this price. did not come with instructions, but once i figured what-goes-where, seems to hold well to the apple watch.
do you want to try a sport loop but don't want to pay $50. this is your great alternative. very comfortable, wide range of colors, and it looks great. this is my second one, (only because i wanted another color, and i could see buying more. really, really hard to beat the price.
sturdy and good band for apple watch. don't break the bank buying the expensive $50+ one from apple. you honestly won't be able to tell the difference, and neither will people. quality of the band is strong. i sweat pretty easily and also workout with this band. i bought two so i can alternate between them so i can wash/air dry one every few weeks. the velcro still works well after washing multiple times.
nice looking band and i don't think you can tell the difference in the look of it compared to the original apple product, but in feel there is definitely a difference. i've only had this a few days only time will tell if ii will hold up to daily use. hey but for the price you can't beat it.. i definitely recommend if you're switching up bands on a regular which will probably prolong the life of this band..
i have two bands from this company now and they have performed well for me. the prices are much more reasonable than buying directly from apple and i have not been disappointed with them. some other third-party bands i've tried are obviously of less quality when your actually handle and wear them. not so with these. highly recommended!
these bands are perfect for the apple watch! great price and great quality, great for men and women. i love being able to change my watch band color to match every outfit.
i bought 6 of these at once, 3 42 mm and 3 38 mm.  all 6 were different colors, so i had a good variety to see.  all colors were true to the descriptions.  they all fit perfectly on the appropriate watch.  these are a great alternative to a much more expensive ($49) apple band.
*updated review*
these are fantastic. my absolute favorite band to date. very light band, while being durable. pliable material, hook and loop fastens very securely. i think it would be impossible to tell these from bands direct from apple. my guess is they're the same. white is my favorite so far.
very nice. snaps pretty well into place, super soft. velcro is kind of cheap but still holds it well and i have two kids so am very active. the color matches excellent with the rose gold watch. my wrists are very small (petite woman) but it fits great. if youre debating a new band and have been researching the different ones on amazon, dont look any further. worth the $12 all day.
i had to order this a second time, as the first time it didn't correctly fit in my apple watch and kept falling out. but the second one works well, i just have to wear the band the opposite direction i would like so it doesn't fall off (see photo). really cute and comfortable.
i love the adjustable fit, the apple watch bands were either too tight or too loose and this can be tightened perfectly for any activity. i love having multiple colors to swap out too at such a low price
this is a very comfortable band and looks great in the solid black.  so far, the velcro works well and has the advantage of being flexible to any size, whereas the sports band i have always seems to feel just slightly too tight or too loose.  the band seems to latch well to the watch face and won't come loose, although i have to check each time i switch to this band that i attach it properly and not inside out.  i'm planning to order at least one additional color.
i was skeptical of how a velcro band would look wearing to work but the grey looks slightly like metal so not bad. this is the most comfortable and adjustable band inhave ever had on a watch. i love it.
this band is surprisingly comfortable, and i think it looks smashing with the pink gold i watch. it seems like a good value, especially compared prices for a similar band in the apple store.
overall the band is made well. but not as wide as the slot it rides in. causing it to shift about uncomfortably for me. the slot seems about 26mm. the band about 22mm. the 1st band “lugs” did not seat in the watch case. the band looks out of scale on the 42mm apple watch.
love this band! i have the series 3 gold 42 mm face watch and the face was perfect but i didn't like the band sizes they made the watch look so bulky and bad on my arm so i now purchase 32 mm bands and they go perfect! i love the look and feel of this band! i am wanting more maybe the pink one and more because i love this one so much! it is perfect for the gym or just an every day look. will definitely be purchasing more in the future! highly recommend.
most of the non-apple bands i've tried have either been uncomfortable or fallen apart. i found this sport loop to be very wearable, especially for the price. no issues even 4 months after purchase.
band is a good replacement for official apple one. i workout in this everyday and it hasn't stained/smell bad. i wash the band every couple weeks and let it air dry, which it dries very fast. the band itself is very sturdy/secure so you don't have to worry about the velcro coming undone.
i absolutely love these watch bands i ordered from this company!  they have held up incredibly well, and am going to order some in different colors.
the top connector (with the strap fixed to it) does not fit tightly into the watch, there's a solid mm of play so i'm not sure i trust it to not pop out eventually.  the bottom connector is solid.
didn’t fit at all, the band wouldn’t slip into one of the edges at all and the other side was too loose.
i bought the six-pack of bands comes as pictured with the different colors. the fit on the watch is spot on no issues with the adapter being loose. very comfortable.
i purchased the sport dark black 42mm band. the quality of this band is almost as good as the overpriced apple brand. it is very comfortable and the velcro on the band is strong. ive been using it for about a month and my only complaint is the part of the band that attaches to the watch on one side does not fit very tight into the slot and it sticks out slightly with the pull of the band when i tighten it on my wrist. overall, no major issues with it and i will most likely buy another color or two.
seems good quality and attaches well to watch.  a problem, though, is that the "hook" strips at the end of the band won't slide through the attachment bail (on the original apple band they do) to lengthen the loop to put the watch on over your hand.  if your hand is fairly small, shouldn't be a problem, if your glove size is l, a pretty tight fit.  if xl, probably no go,
very comfortable and affordable. plenty of leeway for all sizes of wrists. will definitely buy more colors.
i am somewhat of a apple watch band nerd.  i own 10 of them at the moment.  this one has quickly become my favorite one.  i'm purchasing the same band in a few more colors to round out the band stable.
am extremely pleased with this watch band. it is remarkably comfortable and the quality of the material and workmanship is certainly equal to the more expensive apple version. have noticed no sign of wear due to pulling caused by the velcro. am personally pleased with the solid true black color (the apple version contains a range of other colors).
i like these bands and this company produces a nice product, comfortable and fits watch and wrist well.  so why four stars?  the color depicted suggests white thread in the black.  this looks more like black with slight pink in it, but not as much as the one they sell with pink, and i have that one.  i’ll keep the band and for fifteen bucks give it to someone else.  bottom line:  buy from these guys, they have nice a nice product.
i bought this to try out a non apple brand watch band and it’s exceeded my expectations. even when wet the velcro like adjuster works great!
purchased this for my daughter and it fits her great. the color is a little off from original apple but it is a fraction of the cost. she has no issues with it and she uses this band when we go running.
pretty close to the feel of the apple version (my wife has an official variant). very comfortable and very lightweight.
extremely comfortable and it's just like the genuine apple band.  a+ seller and product.  i will happily buy more bands from qifit in the future.
bought the 38mm dark black band, fits and clicks into my apple watch sport nicely. it’s pretty good quality for the price paid, the velcro is pretty sturdy as well. it’s really comfortable, at least compared to the sport band and the milanese band i bought. i’d recommend this if you want a nice simple band that looks nice, feels nice and at a decent price.
i was looking for a black nylon sports band to go with my silver aluminum apple watch. i like this band because it’s deep black. easy on, easy off. looks great! great purchase!
i did not expect it to be this good. it is no different than the ones sold at apple. i like it. very comfy and looks great. i got the black one.
solid band for less money than what apple charges.  it would have been nice to have some instructions in the box on exactly how to attach it to the watch--i get how the watch bands work with the apple watch, but figuring out the correct orientation for this band took me a few tries.
the band is comfortable and looks authentic. i really loved it at first. the reason for the 3-star rating is that it is a bit loose in the watch casing. i’m afraid it’s going to keep getting looser resulting in my losing my watch someday. i’m kind of afraid to wear it. considering getting a full price overpriced apple brand band now.
my new favorite...soft and infinitely adjustable, soft, and does not irritate my skin.  be aware that the connection points to the watch are plastic rather than metal
been using this for a few months now. works great still. would buy again but i won't need to anytime soon
i purchased one from apple and loved it so i decided to try this one.  it is so similar you can’t tell the difference.  save yourself some money and get this one
this is an excellent and sturdy replacement for the apple sports loop band. it fits perfectly and very comfortable.
one of the best watch bands i've every had.  it's comfortable and doesn't make my wrist sweat.  i've used it almost everyday since i got it.
like most things, you get what you pay for. the connectors that slide into the watch seem to be solid and good quality. however the nylon loops are bigger and bulkier than the original, but at a fraction of the cost you really can’t beat it.
very nice watchband soft and comfortable. also awesome price compared to those where watches were sold. the velcro is nice allowing easy on and off. recommended!
this is a breathable band as opposed to the rubber band that came on the watch. the price is great and
works great.  use it when i am doing repairs around the house and when i am swimming.
liked it so much, i ordered another. i even compared it with a friend who has the band that apple sells and he actually liked mine better!  the clasps that attach to the actual watch arent a perfect match as stated in other reviews but my watch hs never fet like it would fall off or anything. once it is on my wrist ot looks great. will probably own every color eventually!
arrived in perfect condition.  very easy to install on watch. comfortable and easy to wear while exercising and everyday wear. such a great price! highly recommend.
looks great and is easy to adjust.  made of top quality material and is less expensive than apples sport loop.  would highly recommend this band for apple watches.
this loop band is amazing! to be honest the silicon one that was on my watch was irritating my wrist so i choose this band to see if it would help and it did! fits perfect on my watch and my wrist, and i have really big wrist haha.
great product for goor price point. for sport lois and feel you want to have this one...
good band, they don't tell you that it doesn't come all the way apart so you have to slip it on like a bracelet.
don't buy the apple band...way to much money for the exact same thing!!! love it!
i love the sport band. great quality and looks/feels as good as the $55 apple brand  i will get this same one in more colors!
quality is terrible the hardware that slides into iwatch is wider than the watch face so it does no sit flush with watch and it’s very noticeable.
i have many   watch bands but this is my new fav. it’s looks great and is very easy take on and off. works great @ the gym & on my bicycle. love the price. 💰👊🏻
i have the gold series 3. the band is super comfortable and easy to put on. my only qualm is that the piece that attaches to the watch is more of a soft bubblegum pink than i would like. not a big deal though, still super cute.
for the price you really can’t beat this sport band.  very comfortable and a fraction of the cost of the apple equivalent.
just like what they sell in the store, great quality and very comfortable and sporty.
firs and stays really well. bars that slip into watch are not same length, do you can see a gap. great first buy for price but would buy again due to cosmetic defect.
i have a few bands and so far this one is my favorite. nice and comfortable.
cant tell the difference from this sport loop and the sport loop that is sold in the apple store.
i love the band as it is great for working out and very easily to adjust for an accurate heart rate monitor. however, the shipping time table was horrible as it took over a week to receive it. i'm not sure if i will order anything else from this vendor again.
love wearing this band!  looks great and super comfortable and easily adjustable and a fraction of the price of the one at the brand store.
can’t beat the price! i loved the look of this band but couldn’t justify apples prices. this looks just as good, is extremely comfortable and cute. looks so nice with my rose gold watch. would recommend for anyone wanting the look for a fraction of the price
works just like the apple branded ones.  compared to brand name and couldn’t tell them apart.
i’ve had no problem with this band on my 42mm ⌚️ looks good. not scratchy. easy to attach.
fits perfectly with my first gen apple watch. comfortable, easily adjustable, and holds the watch securely.
just as good as the "name brand" without the hefty price tag!  love it and would highly recommend.
love it! has just a little stretch to the band which i like. it’s very comfortable - i already have friends ordering from you for their own.
great quality, great price, great apple watch band!!!
so far so good... eats paying $50 from apple!
perfect band to work out in.  i have a small wrist but can make this one fit snug to my wrist.
one of the sides took a little bit of negotiating to get locked in, but once set it is a great low cost alternative to the apple branded watch band.
over all great band, i have had it a while now and it has help up nice.
this is a great product. the color isn’t my favorite. i should’ve went with the all black one. i have to say the seller reached out to me asking me if i liked the product. i said it was a great product but i wasn’t fully satisfied with the color so the one that i really wanted was sent to me at no cost. thank you very much. happy holiday
it’s a nice band. i don’t personally like it for every day use, but i use it to sleep in because i was getting marks in the morning from the silicone bands. it’s very comfortable and soft. a lot of reviews complained about the connector being loose but mine fits perfect. i think it’s worth it.
i was getting a rash on my wrist from my original band. this is allowing my skin to breath and therefore no irritation. i like that i have the ability to adjust to fit and am not stuck with pre-measured holes.
the watch band is pretty good.  i specifically like the black color shading.  i'm not sure exactly how long the glued velcro will last.  shouldn't expect too much from a $15 vs $45 product.
very lite and cool. don’t realize that watch is on wrist. probably get some more of them with  different colors.
this is a good alternative to the apple $49 nylon bands. light and comfortable. stretches a little when wet, but i've used doing laps in a pool and works fine. dries quick if toweled off. hook and loop looks to be of good quality. wrapping style is much more secure than standard sport band. end "cap" prevents band end from sliding out.
love mine, this is for granddaughter
i bought this watch band for my wife so far she's very happy with it, the band looks good and seems to be well made.
i have a disabled son who would never wear his iwatch because he could not put it on by himself,this band solved that issue now he wears it everyday!
the band is really nice and i’ve actually gotten a lot of compliments on the band. not sure if the material will last. seems like where the velcro sticks to the band, will eventually fail.
fits great and the shipping was so fast!
this fits great. this is nickel free i am allergic to nickel.
works and feels exactly like my apple sport loop for 1/4 the price.
i purchased the dark olive color and the color is a little lighter than the picture but i really like it. the band is super comfortable to wear and is definitely more affordable than the apple bands. gave 4 stars for s slight defect that no one else will notice except for me. i will buy more colors.
this is my second qifit band, and all i can say is that they are so cool and stilysh i love them ! it has the cool sport factor and the material is very durable... will be getting more colors...
good product! just what i was looking for. i’ll be purchasing another band soon.
comfortable and well made.
nice, comfortable and adjustable.  great band!
super comfortable, adjustiable strap, great quality.
very soft and flexible.
the watch and came quickly, was exactly as i’d hoped for. needed a summer band that dried quickly when going in and out of water and didn’t make my wrist sweat in the heat!
comfortable and durable
great quality and an exceptional price!
this band is exactly like what you would get from apple but at a way better price. it is so comfy and made wearing my watch a way better experience. i would totally recommend this to anyone.
stays cleaner than the original band. easy on and off.
i love this band.
great band! nice and fuzzy like the apple version.
love it. snug and comfortable. item as described. thank you so much.
i love this... as described by the seller... and will order another one...
i love this watch band. it is easy to put on every day. putting it on the charger is a bit challenging as i have to detach one side. i have not found a easier way to do it.
like the original apple watch bands, great quality.
i really like the band. pretty much looks just like the apple brand one. good quality and a lot cheaper than spending 49$ on the real one. shipping was pretty fast too
the color is exactly how it's described (i have the black with pink flecks). its nice and breathable so it's ideal for working out. i have a tattoo on my wrist and this velcro closure helps with keeping my apple watch in place so that it stays off my tattoo.
good alternative to the apple loop
just like the apple one if not better i would order more
very comfortable & looks good.
it’s pretty good for the price. it will definitely do the job. fits good and feels the same as the actual apple one. its not as wide but not by much. so far so good and i’ll see how it holds up
this is so comfortable.  its a light weight material and drys out so quickly...
i ordered just about every different type of band for my watch and so far this one is the best. soft material with a little stretch so i can slide it up and down my arm without adjusting the size. velcro is strong.  got the black with colors in it. far away it looks a lighter black but up close you can see all the added colors.
i love it! it’s so soft and i can get it to fit just how i like it. i work in a factory so  the thought of the original bad popping off easy was always a worry for me. with this band i don’t have that worry at all!
love the look of this watch band.
works great! love it! will buy again!
the dark black band looks really nice with my apple watch. it was easily installed on the watch and the shorter length us more appropriate. thanks!
comfortable and ez to wear
good item does the job
exactly what i was looking for. i needed a woven band that wouldn’t slip down my wrist when i sweat like the silicone ones do. great product!
i get so many compliments, dont buy if u have small wrists though, ive lost weight and it fits loose
great band, i use it for exercising all the time as it is very comfortable and handles sweat better. way better than the default sport band the watch comes with. this is pretty much exactly like the $50 one that apple sells. great quality too.
works great. i barely notice i’m wearing my watch, very comfortable
great fit and easy too take on and off ! can't beat the price compared to the apple version !
this band is much more comfortable than the rubber band that came with my apple watch!
great quality! great fit! don’t waste your money on more expensive bands. i compared it to a friends band, bought from apple, and this band is almost indistinguishable.
this is so comfortable
i have used the new watch band for about a week.  it installed easily, performs as advertised, looks good.  good value for money.
great product. it’s identical to the apple version i had on my series 3 gps + lte before i had to return it due to a conflict with verizon.
update: seller reached out an is shipping a replacement free-of-charge. they were very quick to reach out which was awesome. will update as soon as i get the replacement in.
i love this band . very comfortable. i can barely feel that i’m wearing it. the dark black looks amazing and i’m very happy with this band. very good compared to the $49 apple one. will buy again.
i purchased this as an alternate band to wear at work thinking it’s cheap enough not to care. it’s acutally a grate band and i love it.  easy to use unlike the apple one. elastic, and one size fits all. also a perfect fit on the apple watch.
the connector to the watch a little loose, but the band is comfortable and is good quality for the price.
very stylish!
just perfect
i was worried the velcro wasn’t going to hold seemed light, but it is very durable. i move around a lot and it hasn’t come undone yet.
great feeling band. easy to fit with my apple watch.
works.
great watch band!! will buy again!! :)
love the ease of adjusting and talking it on and off for charging. velcro lines up perfectly so it does not snag clothes. velcro is also secure - never feel the watch will fall off.
this band looks just like the apple band.  my watch came with the silicone band but made my arm itch.  it was easy to put on the watch and is exactly what i wanted!
i’ve been wearing this band now for a few days and can say that it is very comfortable and has no issues staying clasped all day. i would recommend this product for anyone looking for a comfort band.
this band is the 2nd 'aftermarket' sport loop apple watch band i've had and the mounts the attach it to the watch for perfectly!
arrived quickly, fits perfectly and seems to be well made.  it's more comfortable than apple's stock band.
it sleek, dresses the watch up
amazing product! just wished that the band was a little wider than what it is. i think it's the 38 mm band with the 42mm connection. great product other than that!
my wife loves it. she wears it more then the sport band that cane with the watch and she loved that one
this band has excellent build quality and is lightweight and very flexible. i am really impressed with it. my only struggle has been that the band doesn’t get quite wide enough to easily slip over my hand when taking it on or off.
it’s super comfortable and doesn’t get sweaty and sticky on my wrist underneath it which is why i opted for this band! the colors look great with my black watch face 🤗🖤
i’m surprised by the comfort and softness.  it’s a sturdy band
it’s a high quality product. the band is elastic even though it’s not obvious when you look at it. very comfortable and it fits a wide spectrum or wrist sizes. i’m really happy with this purchase.
this band has become my go-to for daily wear. it's soft, comfortable, stylish, and it's held up through my gym workouts without any issues. a definite buy at this price.
exactly what i was looking for & great price.
exactly what i was looking for & great price.
love love love sooo comfy
great replacement band, i might buy a few more in different colors.
very comfortable and easy to adjust. a good value for the price.
amazing product! cheaper than the band at apple and more comfortable. i ordered one from apple which had pink in the band, so i returned it. this band was only black and was a lot more comfortable. highly recommended!!
the best watch band i’ve ever bought.
comfortable and easy to pop on and off
i like this band better than the 'plastic'  band that came with my watch. my wrist doesn't get sweaty under this band and it's more comfortable.
this is my favorite watch band. it doesn’t show dirt and grime like the plastic ones. it’s durable. i’ve had it for a year and i have no complaints
i love this band. i got it in the grey and white and i wear it everyday. the only thing that sucks is when it gets dirty it stays dirty
band is very comfortable and easy to use. my only issue is that even though i have s very small wrist, i still found it a little small to get over my hand. either way i’m keeping it!
the 38mm is good for people with smaller wrists.
my daughter loves it.  it is more comfortable and durable for her lifestyle.
excellent product, this band feels great and is so confortable... it looks like an apple band, in future i will buy more of this
fits perfectly on the apple watch and so far quality has been great.
very simple design, yet it fits extremely well, i use it for everyday work and running and it never seems to budge loose at all.
big fan. very comfortable. high quality. much more breathable and soft than a silicon band. hook and loop is tough to get on and off if you have thick hands.
straight 🔥🔥🔥 stretches awesome color with a lil pink is yet lit if u understand this it with your money
ordered these for my boyfriends watch and he loves being able to switch the bands.  all of the colors are cool.
my husband hated the original band that came with his apple watch, so we ventured for this instead. it’s breathable, adjustable, and much softer than we thought it would be. he absolutely loves it :)
arrived quickly!  just as described/pictured.  i have a large wrist, so most bands don’t fit.  this was perfect.  it stays put, and has plenty of room for adjustments.  extremely pleased!
great band! wears very comfortably.
i love that it is adjustable enough to fit my small wrist. it’s comfortable and seems well made.
fits really well, easy to put it on - perfect for working out - nice feel to the skin. pretty secure too!
very cute & quality material! purchased wrong size but customer service was prompt in getting back to me to exchange the item! excited to wear my new band!
i love the band. i have the series 3 apple watch. 38mm. it fits me perfect! very comfortable and looks great with anything i wear!
love it!
good band. use every day i’m in the pool.  easy to adjust and doesn’t pull loose too easily.
the band fits great and meets all my needs. love it.
excellent watch band.  i couldn’t  have been more satisfied if i had purchased another band for a more lucrative price.
exactly as expected. easy to put on the watch. comfortable. and the velcro part seems to work well since i got it (less than a week).
good product. only thing is the thread seems to unravel not sure its a defect on the one that was sent.. i was contacted by the seller and was gladly more happy to send me a replacment. pretty good for the price.
great product! most bang for your buck!
love the new watch band
it’s comfortable and easy to use. i like that it’s breathable too.
looks and feels just like the apple version. velcro is nice and snug. just a tad bit narrow than apple band but still looks great for a quarter of the price! will be buying another!
simple and meets expectations. the loop and hook system is tight and clean. no fears about the strap coming undone. not an apple product, which is noted only in the price. quality is reminiscent of apple stuff.
love the colors and fit
looks and feels like the real apple band.  very breathable and soft.  i will definitely be ordering different colors for my apple watch.  i highly recommend it.
i couldn’t be happier with my new qiengo qifit watch band. i wanted something sportier and adjustable. the velcro attachment allows for a perfect fit. i will be purchasing other colors in the near future.
soft,very comfortable you don’t feel it rubbing against your wrist or sweat build up like leather or rubber band
fits great on my 42mm watch, love the color!
nice product.  great color selection.
great no-frills watch band for working out. keeps watch tight and secure while running to get accurate heart rate measurements.
love this band! i wear it every day!!
very comfortable
great product! looks like the original. material is durable.
the bands are great!! the fit perfect on my i watch series3! love the colors and the material is great! very happy with my purchase
nice band. velcro isn’t as strong as i’d like but for the price it’s a good alternative to apples 50 dollar bands.
great quality! love the band and the price!
love the band! however, the “hot pink” is actually a hot coral. but it is still a very pretty color. just not the hot pink i was expecting.
great product
this is a great watch band! fits perfect, is light weight and very comfortable. and it's inexpensive.
muy buen producto , tal como se muestra en la imagen y en la descripción
this is an awesome band. very comfortable and flexible and easy to wear. have recommended this band to a couple of other friends and will be looking for other colors in this style.
great!
good replacement band for the 42mm. comfortable feel with what seems to be a high quality velcro closure. seems to work well, and can’t beat the price.
this apple sports loop band is awesome very comfortable around my wrist. i definitely will be ordering more. i highly recommend this band.
at first i was confused as to how to put it on, but i figured it out in 2 minutes, the band is very comfortable and is very suitable for chill days or going out with friends.
excellent perfect size for my wrist an just a bit stretchy to get it on and off easy
i like this product very much controls my sweaty wrists!
only had it for a couple of days, but great so far.  stays in place and i love the adjustable strap.  feels great on the arm.
nice band, mine doesn't have the gap.
great watch band and price can’t be best.  get the same band at tmobile or other shops snd you pay $40.
very comfortable.  the color on the dark olive is lighter than i expected—it’s nice, just a little more casual.  i already ordered the dark black band too.
i couldn’t tell a difference if this was a $60 dollar band. i love it. light weight and comfy.
love this band! hated my original gray, plastic looking band. this feels so much more comfortable and goes with multiple outfits. can’t beat the price!
love the band will buy again.
watch band is the same size as a 42mm apple one. no wiggle room in the band
fits great and super comfortable!
love it!
great band - it’s exactly like the $49.99 apple band.
love it
perfect and 1/3 the price of the apple watch and1/3 the price of the apple watchband!
the band is great everything i expected
awesome ! very comfortable !
just put this on before my workout, and it didn’t move or unsnap. i dig it so far!
great product
so lightweight and looks great :)
holding up well, great fit
perfect
very comfy and beautiful bands❤️
great for hi temperature climates. much more comfortable than even the nike+ sport bands in that regard.
it’s very comfortable!! looks just like my cousins apple version. no one could tell the difference! highly recommended!
great band! so worth the money! fits perfect and feels durable! looks fantastic as well! just like the pictures! will def be buying more from them!
loving this new nylon band. great for work and an active lifestyle. super happy with this band
great band. very similar to the official apple product. comfortable enough to wear all day and night.
great band for the money. works great for working out and on the move, much better than the stock band.
perfect strap for gym, easy to use and adjust especially when you are in between strap sizes
first time apple watch owner.
band is very comfortable and fit watch great! i was a little worried about how secure it would be but it is very secure on wrist.
great product get this band must have comfortable.
just great band i love it i use it everyday and its super comfortable, looks grate.
can’t tell the difference between this, and apple product. very good!
great product for the price point. glad to be able to get something different and not have to break the bank.
good quality and comfortable.
bought to offset postage on another band. this band is so comfortable. it is now my everyday wear band. would recommend.
love these bands, super good quality and great colours, they’re stretchy too
awesome quality at an awesome price, not to mention it arrived early ;)
got the band. super comfortable and as expected
fits well, dries quickly after swimming.
got here quickly and perfect fit.  love it.
very, very comfortable. would buy again, great product looks good on aw3.
bought 2 of these 1 for me and 1 for my boyfriend. so easy to slide on a off and it’s so comfortable !
me encanto, 100% util
the band quality is great and a lot cheaper than the apple one. definitely worth it. seller is awesome. great and prompt service.
excellent product and good response from the seller on my questions.  would definitely recommend
very happy with it
great product, identical to the one they sell at apple. great quality, will definitely purchase more colors.
better than the apple ones.
great product, very light weight and comfortable
excellent quality
exactly as described. just like the apple band, only not as expensive.
great. comfortable.
great quality product
beautiful band! the dark black is made of soft nylon that once on your wrist, feels like the watch is not even there.
the only concern i have is how many times i can unvelcro it... but if it has a lifetime guarantee i think i will be ok.
wear it everyday, it’s my favorite band
very soft and comfortable. very good material!
best band that i’ve ever had by far! amazing quality and very comfortable.
loved the new nylon band easy to use and very nice looking better then my original band
looks great with my watch. perfect casual and comfortable.
it fits very comfortable and looks great on my apple watch.
absolutely love the band. it’s very easy to maneuver and is very comfortable. just ordered one for my husband.
great product. very comfortable and looks great
comfort and fit
nice sporty watch and; snug velcro closure
feels light, fits great, very good for price. looks is similar to apples own product.
great product. beautiful and resistant.
it’s very nice. no flaws, washes up well.
looks great and fits great! nice color!
great fit
it’s made really well don’t buy the apple one for $50 save your money and buy this band
every bit as good as the apple brand bands that are similar.
great band for a great price!
very good product. exactly what i was expecting! good quality and lightweight.
love this band! comfy and easy use.
i really like how comfortable this band is
fast shipping, easy to install, good quality.
i’ve only worn it three days but the quality seems excellent and really well made!
everything as advertised.
nice band. very soft and comfortable and not to long
i love this so much that i am going to order again in another color!
fits great very comfortable wear it every day
great product! couldn’t be happier looks identical to the apple band. highly recommend it
love it
very nice quality!
great fit and super comfortable.
the most comfortable band ever!
very good quality... happy with the purchase
loved my band, good quality and very comfortable!  will purchase again!
awesome bands.  look great and are the most comfortable i have.
i love it, fits perfectly
veto nice band
it’s good
nice breathable band
awesome love it
comfortable
good so far i ordered a black one ..hoping it’s of good quality also 👍
i am so very happy with this purchase!!!
nice band, exactly similar to apple loop band. worth the price
easy to adjust, dig it
just as i expected!
feels and looks like the apple watch band! would buy again.
very comfortable band. considering ordering it in other colors
great quality, feels soft and smooth against my skin, i do not own an apple’s but this one definitely fulfill what i was looking for.
looks and works great.
love the band and the fast delivery right before christmas.
fast delivery and wood quality.
love it!!
great price for this band!
love the band just like a apple product.
item as described, really fast shipping
perfect!
thank you so much
perfect fit. super comfortable.
very nice
i liked everything about it
very happy with my purchase.
fits well and velcro is effective.
extremely comfortable.
it could have been wilder.
good band for a good price.
beautiful!
just like the original.
great item
it looks good, it was easy to install on my apple watch, it’s very lightweight and comfortable, and the velcro seems to hold the loop very well. i have no fear of this watch band falling off my wrist. my only criticisms are that the width of the band is a little less than expected, it could’ve been a bit wider to match my watch;  and one of the two connectors that connects the band to the apple watch seems to be loose in the watch socket, like it was going to fall out at any moment, but after i moved it around a bit it snapped securely into place, and now i have no worry of it falling out of the watch. just be aware that you may have this problem too, and if so you should gently rock the band connector around in the socket a little bit until it snaps securely into place, so that your band doesn’t fall off your watch while you’re wearing it. once it snapped into place, it seems to be good and secure.
i bought two of these sport loops, the black (pinkish weave) and spicy orange in the 38mm size. these bands are very comparable in look and feel to my authentic sport loop bands for a fraction of the price.
update pt. 2: a while after ordering the strap, it’s the only strap i use everyday. it’s obviously not going to be made with the same quality that apple puts into its straps, but this one is very very comfortable. sometimes i forget i’m even wearing a watch
i love this band. it's about 5 times cheaper than the apple version with the same quality. don't hesitate to buy this now!
i’ve had the nylon sport band on my apple watch series 3 watch for about 1 month now. i have to say the band looks great and fits comfortably in the wrist. i love how the black band makes my gold watch look. the quality of the nylon has definitely exceeded my expectations. i am definitely buying another one for my wife’s watch.
the fit is really good and it certainly beats the $50 price tag for the real thing. it was easy to install and it fits the watch very well.
my most worn band - super comfortable.
i’ve bought several different styles of knock-off apple watch bands, but this one is the best! it’s exactly like the real deal, and it’s super comfortable. i love it!
been wearing for about a week now and it feels great! haven’t gotten it wet yet but comfort is there all day. fit 10/10, velcro 10/10, material 10/10. overall i’m very satisfied with this product, nothing to complain about it.
decent watch band for the apple watch. it wobbles a little bit i’m the watch but it hasn’t come out
exactly what i expected...
band is very easy to wear and looks exactly like the apple branded one. great value!
love it
why pay apple so much?
great service.  arrived on time.  great quality and price.
i went to the apple store recently and priced a black sport loop band. it was $49.99. i decided to order one from amazon and have been pleased with my purchase! the texture is a touch tougher than the band that came with my watch but the difference is neglible.  i received my purchase within 2 days and will look at ordering additional bands soon.
the band is very similar to the apple band with same material. it stays on well all day, and is
wow! great job! spot on with the apple made sport loop band. soft and fuzzy like them too. lightweight and comfortable. i wanted the other colors but only this neon yellow one was on prime. the only part i don't like about this band is the endpiece of the band facing me is very chunky looking and long. but other than that, great band! will be getting the other colors soon. also if you have very big wrists i'm not sure if this is going to fit you. i have smaller male wrists and any bigger wrists the end of the band would be touching the side of the apple watch. just something to think about.
this watch band is absolute trash!!!! first off the seller shipped it to amazon late so i received it a day late even though i’m a prime customer. straight out the packaging i thought the band was perfect. when i went to put it on your watch was when the flaws came out. the piece on the strap is completely broken and the magnet is not strong enough at all. i would not recommend this band or seller at all. ***update*** the seller contacted me and shipped out a new band. i was told that they probably didn’t check the band and sent me broken band. the band was supposed to be brand new so i don’t know how that happened. the new band is good and holds up pretty well. i uploaded new pictures from the new band as well.
i've used the band for a few days now.
quality strap at an affordable price. i've worn it consistently for a few weeks now. the latching mechanism appears to be durable. i have the olive color and it looks great, almost gray and very versatile/subtle. it is very comfortable and lightweight. i prefer using my silicone strap if i know the watch may get wet, but this one dries reasonably quick (it'll remain damp for at least 30 minutes after a shower, even if i dry it with a towel).
this is by far my favorite band for my apple watch. i have 3 other bands that i wear from time to time, but this is my go to for sure.
let me start with the fact that i love this band. is it like the apple one? not sure, because if i had the apple one then i wouldn’t need this one. it is comfy, easy to adjust and hasn’t gotten all picked from the velcro after weeks of use. i work out in it and it doesn’t feel all sweaty like with the silicone band. it wicks the moisture away and doesn’t hold the sweat either. it also doesn’t look or smell gross. i intend on throwing it in the washer with my headbands and hope for the best when that day comes. the color may be a little off but again, i haven’t compared it to an apple brand one and it works for me for the price.
when apple first announced the new sport loop band, i knew i wanted one. wasn’t completely sure i wanted to spend $50 on a watch band, so i decided to wait until third party companies started released them. i did the same thing with the nike band from last year. ended up finding this qifit band that looked identical to the branded band, at a much cheaper price. i got the solid black band, and i really enjoy it. it fits better on my wrist than my other bands do, and that’s because the entire band can be velcroed to. the only issue i have with it is when my watch vibrates with a notification, the band seems to rattle a little bit. but nothing too bad. definitely recommend this.
i had been using a milanese band and really liked the loop style.  needed something new as my metal band got bent up.  decided to try a fabric loop.  price and reviews on this one were enough to give it a try.  been very pleased.  band is very comfortable.  you can hardly tell the watch is on your wrist.  easy to make adjustments if you want the band looser or tighter.  only downside for me is the band doesn’t slide easily through the loops so it’s hard to get it over my large hands.  once on it fits perfectly on my medium-large wrist.  too soon to tell how well it will wear.
i'm a watch (with sport band) user since they were first released. wanted to try something different and not so sticky on the wrist this hot summer. i found it. wow! these sport loops fit perfectly (will work on all models of the watch), attach easily and securely, colors are sharp, very comfortable, infinitely adjustable, and priced very nicely. using for a couple weeks, all day/every day, and no trouble at all. now, what to do with the 11 plastic sport bands, in various colors, sitting around?
purchased this as my band for exercising - i got the silicone band when i bought my watch, and i didn’t want to pay such a high price for the sport band at the apple store. the quality on this is great. my friend has the sport band from apple for his watch, and mine is almost identical to his. i’ve been wearing this for about 2 months hiking, rock climbing, backpacking, swimming, etc and it still looks brand new. i thought the material might catch on things and unravel a bit but nothing has an effect on this thing. it dries quickly and has zero oder with sweating. my only issue is the length of the band. i have small wrists and this is like a centimeter from being too long. it wraps all the way around to the other side of the band. since it can’t be shortened by cutting or modifying it, there should be options for sizes. this thing could literally fit a child and a bears wrist.
i’ve worn this band now for several weeks straight.  before that i’d been wearing the official apple sport loop i got when i bought my  watch series 3 back in october.  i can say that the quality  of this band is just as good as the apple version.  it looks and feels just like the apple one.  not all watch bands are equal in quality but this one definitely is.
this band is extremely comfortable. this is a great match with my apple watch 42mm. this isn't an exact replica of the apple brand but it is close enough and for the price i am happy with the product.
i got this because when sleeping or typing the original sport loop cause kinda irritating my skin. night one of sleep and after a day of wear, i barely even feel a watch on my hand. because you can adjust it to the exact size of your wrist you experience ultimate comfort. highly reco!
so i've purchased a bunch of bands for my series 2 watch (about 12 total) ranging from the hermes (least fav) to nike sports bands (mainly used) and i have to say, this one is the best by far. i've used it on my spartan races and it doesn't slide off, doesn't get scraped up, doesn't want to come apart, and dries fast. it's a lot better in the breathable department too. it is by far the most comfortable band i own.
i have no experience with apple's new band that is similar to this, but this band has quickly become my absolute favorite.  i am in between holes on the standard apple-type band, and i have a specific band for swimming, so this velcro-style band is all i use now a days. the infinite sizes are great.  i have had predictable issues with catching the end of the band when putting on a jacket or what not, but otherwise no issues with the band holding at all.
i love the fact that this feels like the one apple sells in their stores. this does work well with my lifestyle and for it being a velcro method, it does stick on so well on the wrist. i'd recommend this to anyone who would need to save money if they can't afford the original one. i use this everyday, even exposed this to water and it still holds well too! definitely would recommend this.
i purchased this band because i don’t like the silicone bands that come with the apple watch. i have a tiny wrist and it fits great. easy to change and fits perfectly. it’s so much more comfortable than the band the watch came with. love the pink color and would highly recommend this watch band. i’m going to order more in different colors!!
i'm a fairly active person and was a little hesitant to buy a nylon band for the fear that it may absorb sweat and moisture and will smell after awhile. after a week of use with moderate exercise, this band has held up well with no noticeable signs of stench. its breathes well and even has a very slight flex to it so it does not feel tight at all when worn snugly.
i have had issues with the metal mesh bands and leather bands and also some fabric ones this is the only one i have found that is both comfortable and easy to adjust. i purchased the band for the smaller watch as they also fit the larger watch the band is just smaller. i have very small wrists and this smaller size fit perfect.
i've had mixed experiences with 3rd party bands for my apple watch, but this band has worked out extremely well.  it's comfortable to wear and comparable to the genuine apple nylon band in both fit and feel.  the hook and loop fastener is secure even when working out.  overall this band is much better than i'd expected given the low price.
this is light, easy to use and extremely comfortable. it is way lighter and way less restrictive than the apple sport bands made of heavy plastic or nylon or whatever it is. this item is nylon weave so it breathes, which is easier to take when you wear your apple watch 24/7 as i do. fits the watch band mounts perfectly and is the best, simplest solution i have found so far.
this band is my “daily driver”, and it’s so much more comfortable than the knockoff milanese band i have. it held up well while traveling all over japan, countless runs with the dog, you name it. it’s gotten to the point where i’m never take it off except when i have to dress up “fancy”, in which case i go for leather. couldn’t be more pleased!
good band but not as wide as the original apple band so it has a little play, and the velcro could be a little better but it’s good not saying it’s bad by any means i’m just comparing it to my other apple sports nylon band. would of given five stars but there is room for improvement but i am satisfied and would buy again, the price is very good and makes up for what it lacks
the bands are very similar to the real thing your definitely getting your money’s worth. i thought it was better to buy the pack because if bought seperately it can be more expensive. the sizes in width are different in some you can’t tell the difference unless you have already owned one of these in the past. dont be alarmed they are all still perfect. also these fit my apple watch series 3 and my series 4 38mm
high quality replacement band for apple watch. very comfortable, and durable as well. can easily be rinsed and washed. i am not sure why anybody would pay more for an apple-branded watchband when a replacement one of this quality is available for far less money, and seems to be lasting indefinitely.
i just attached the new band to my apple watch and slipped it on. going over my hand was a little tight in that i did not take the end of the band out of the loop. however, once i tightened it around my wrist, i liked how it fit tight around my wrist and yet offered a forgiving stretch as i would rotate my hand which i love.
i’ve been wearing this daily for a month, taking it off and on, twice a day.  the velcro and arm band are both holding up well, the connections are plastic but sturdy and secure.  the material feels good on the skin, soft, no sharp edge stitching that will cause irritation.
this band fit perfectly to my watch. the lugs are exactly right and there is no play at all. couldn’t have asked for better fit. i was reluctant to try a third party band after reading some of the early fit reviews, but it seems they’ve “worked out the bugs” perhaps? anyway, this is a great bargain and i’ll definitely be back to try some other colors.
my go to workout band.  not quite as nice as the apple version but at 1/4th the price it's fine by me.  its comfortable for all day wear and drys quickly.  i've work in swimming many times have never had an issue with it being dry after about 30 minutes.
gotta say i like this strap better than the one my apple watch came with (which was starting to give me a rash). it's breathable, more comfortable, and feels more secure. i used it for a half hour pool swim this morning and an hour long bodyboarding session this afternoon. stayed on fine and dried pretty quickly after each. very happy with my purchase thus far; if anything changes i'll be sure to update this review.
this is the best band ever! i am a runner and the silicone band that comes with the apple watch would slide down my arm due to sweat during a run. this band does not slide. it has held up extremely well. the velcro has stayed in place as well. i plan on purchasing another band just like this one.
because of the low price and broad selection of apple watch bands on amazon, my wife bought at least 5 different styles. this sport loop is far and away her favorite though.
this is by far the most comfortable apple watch band, i had a lot of problems with the normal one rubbing up against my wrist and causing irritation so i was looking for something better. after using this apple watch band i'm not sure if i could switch back,i don't even feel most of the time. i just wish they came in more colors but black is fine for me.
this watch band is perfect if you have sensitive skin. the regular sport band was irritating my skin severely, making it so i couldn't even wear the watch. this band is way more breathable, and convenient with the velcro strap.
seems almost 100% identical to the apple on that sells for more than double the price. one of the few third party bands i've used where the adapter is nearly a perfect fit to the width of the watch. i bought the sport dark black and the sport loop flash - oddly, the black is about and inch shorter than the flash but no big deal, both fit me. highly recommend
i got this loop because i got tired of other bands being too loose or too tight and heavy. for the price you can’t beat it. the band is a little thinner than the original apple one but that is a good thing. the band holds in perfectly and doesn’t itch or pulls my hairs. great product. i gave it 4/5 stars because there is always room for improvement 😉
this is the best item that i have brought for my apple watch. it's great for everyday usage.. very comfortable, it's soo light, i forget that i am wearing a watch.. delivery was as expected.. seller follow up is very appreciated. a+ seller with an a+ item... thank you.
price is awesome, band is simply fantastic. i have the apple watch 3 and it fits perfect. i bought the black one and its simply awesome. i work out with this band, its very form-fitting, comfortable and everything. i work a 9-5 desk job, this band doesnt get in the way. i would most definitely buy this again. no need to buy the expensive one. this one is legit.
have been using this band for a month with daily casual use and workouts. very comfortable. only potential draw back for some will be length. mine is pretty short so i have to squeeze my hand through it when taking on or off.
we purchased 2 of these watchbands, one each for my wife and i.  we have been extremely happy about these sporty and stylish watchbands, and will not go back to the old form of watchbands.  easy on and off the wrist. great product, easy to adjust, and would highly recommend this brand to everyone.
fantastic quality and fit. the first time i ordered for the 42mm watch the band was the width for the 38mm. i returned and a few months later ordered again after reading the reviews. the fit and quality were so great i ordered two more!
very nice band. i was getting tired of the green and black nike band that my series 2 42mm came with. this dries very fast and has kept in tact very well. nice quality for a fraction of the official bands.
i adore this band. no skin issues, never smells bad, and has not lost any color. the velcro has also done an amazing job keeping the watch tightly to my wrist. i bought 4 other bands and refuse to take this one off.
this is the first third party apple watch band that i've owned (and i've bought many lol) that is actually like the bands you get from apple. i'm really impressed with it and i plan on buying others in more colors. the feel and quality is great, i'm so glad i decided to order this one and not another apple band!
i got my strap in the color “pink sand” and so far i absolutely love it! it ‘s very comfortable and the material feels pretty solid. it doesn’t even feel like you’re wearing a band! the velcro is durable, but i would recommend still being gentle when taking this strap on and off to allow it to last longer/remain a strong grasp. i will definitely be ordering more of these once mine wears out overtime :)
fit is near apple quality if a little more narrow, a little less stretchy. bought for wife and she loves it! granted she’s never had a legitimate apple one as i have. this is not as good as apple sport loop, but very close. the first band had an issue with latching. i e-mailed them and they quickly sent a replacement at no cost. great product backed by great service!!
great watch band. i was looking for something velcro and this fit my needs. it feels better than the plastic band the watch comes with. that band got hot but this band breathes and feel nice all day.
very comfortable and great looking. i have a few extra bands for my watch, a metal one, the original, and another and this is by far the most comfortable for all day use. no problem taking into pool or shower and getting it wet
i bought this for my nephew who i gave my old apple watch to... i tried it on my new watch just to see how it looked and i loved it immediately... so now we both have one!
this looks just like nike sport  loop that retails for $50. if anything a tad bit better if you pick the straight black one as nike will not have this color. they have a black version with a bunch of different colors on the thread.
very comfortable. so far very durable.  wish it came in better color choices. i own the olive green one but only because i didn’t like any of the others.
same band at the apple store goes for $50.  wife absolutely loves this, but its only been a week.  fast shipping.  buy with confidence, but i will update this if the band doesnt last for a while.
i compared it to the real apple band and really don't see a difference accept for the price. solid band, very secure when velcro is fastened and the most comfortable band that i own.
amazing quality! nearly identical to apple oem... would be very difficult to tell them apart! i'd rather buy 3-4 of these and have a variety vs buying just one from apple.
i got pink sand for my pink aluminum  3 watch it is so freaking comfy !! i love that it attaches w velcro very secure abdcmuch more lightweight than my ( also gorgeous ) milanese ! i’ll wear this daily i’m sure !
this is an excellent 3rd party sport loop band.  its very nice quality and looks like it is going to last a long while.  very happy with this purchase.
i like this sport loops a lot. when compared to apple's nylon sport loop, the nylon weave on this one is a bit thicker. it's not noticable unless you hold them both in your hand.
true black color unlike the “black” sport loop apple sells which isn’t really black. connections to watch have very slight play. band seems smaller in length then apple sport loop and may be too small to get on for people with large hands. good buy at around $10
i own an apple original, and find this to be a near spot-on dupe.  it's just as comfortable with only a couple of minor differences.  save yourself a lot of money and buy one of these!
it's a watch band. what more could you ask for? i suppose money. but this watch band doesn't hand out money, oh no. it knows it's lane and stays in it.
band is very comfortable and compares to the apple brand bands.  have noticed the band is frayed slightly after using it for roughly a month, but not on a daily basis.
this band is awesome! sizing is normally an issue for me, but with the adjustable velcro, this band should work for everyone. it is extremely comfortable.  the velcro and the lugs that sure it to the apple watch haven’t failed me. it is a great casual band or even for athletics.
i purchased this band in 3 different color and couldn't be happier. they seem to be exactly the same as the more expensive apple version. i even purchased the pink sand band from this company to compare with the apple version and you can't tell the difference. well worth the money and would purchase again if needed. identical to apple band
i had a problem with the band after 40 days of the purchase, they replaced the band, and for my surprise the new band has the exact wide size of the apple band.
the band looks and feel exactly as the original. it’s very comfortable on the wrist and looks very cool. unfortunately mine, arrived with a noticeable scratch on it (perhaps the scratch ocurred during shipping) but i contacted the seller and he was super responsive and agree to exchange it immediately. the replacement band arrived with no issues. great seller. would do business with him again.
i got this band as a gift and it was gorgeous. better item than the product at best buy for less than half the price. it feels nice and comfortable and looks even better. going to be ordering more colors.
perfect! exactly what i wanted. i like how easy this is to get on and off. replacing the band that came with my watch with this one was easy as well. it's been really comfortable and i'm very happy with it!
works good,  had to open it all the way in to the velco hooks to get it over my hand, then tighten up to my wrist. hand are large.  thanks
great watch band. i have been wearing it for a week now and it is holding up perfectly. since i’m a runner, it fits securely against my rist.when i finish running, i rinse my watch and band off and it dries fast and still secures perfectly
love it. it’s wide (not narrow) like some knock offs. super comfortable. no problems connecting it to the watch. velcro holds snug so far.  i’ve not gotten it wet yet, so no comment there. if you are looking for this type of band, it’s an a+
i don't love the idea of buying knock-offs, but apple's band prices are just too high. this is well made and holds tight.
good quality for the price, and a good alternative to the apple bands, which are much more expensive.
very similar in quality to the original one at a fraction of the price. even if i have to replace them twice as fast i'm still coming out way ahead.
great fit, the velcro works great and the stitching looks good. color is spot on with the pictures, if you're looking for a true black strap this is the one.
great quality, nice and soft.  not sure how it compares to oem, but this band fits, looks, and wears like an apple product!
soft, comfy, sleek and stylish looking i love it. i co pared it to the ones sold by apple and seriously couldn’t tell a difference neither could the associate. it’s my new go to band
‘this qifit nylon sport loop band looks great and is super light. it fits my 42 mm apple watch perfect. definitely a great purchase
i love that the band is velco! i can adjust sturdy band to any desired setting on my wrist. will purchase more bands is different colors.
my favorite, easy to put on, great color, will get a couple more. very comfortable, much more comfortable than plastic.
i ordered the wrong size like a dummy, but it feels great and fits nonetheless. can't wait to get the right size monday!
nice band that is easy to take on and off compared to the silicone or belt type bands. similar to the ek bands they had when i was a kid. velcro closure.
i think this is the best apple watch band i own so far. well made, good velcro and looks legit! i’m happy with this purchase.
fits and adjust very nice but got stretched out after about 2 weeks and was having to wrap around nearly an extra inch on the band to stay tight
the product was fine. if there is something wrong i would’ve let them know.
good replacement for a velcro band. i have an original apple one and this comes very close to it.
looks and feels like the apple version and costs way less. my favorite watch band.
the band works great and is a good quality product as advertised. very comfortable and infinitely adjustable. i just recently purchased a second one for back up. favorite band!
like this watch band the best easy to put on daily and it feels like it is not even there.
so breathable and cute! after a few months it started wearing down and the velcro was peeling off the band, but it was cheap so i’m not surprised.
works great.  feels secure.  no reaction.  wearing it at the beach right now.
this is a very good hook & loop band for my apple watch and the only one i know that isn't from apple and that costs $46!!!!!
great band!  feels good, light weight, and easy to get on and off.
this band is so much better than the original band that comes w the watch. doesn’t make my wrist sweat, very light weight and the velcro is great
i purchased two of these, olive and black.  look and fit exactly like the $50+ bands made by apple.  highly recommend!
saw this exact band at the apple store for $49.95. so glad i waited and checked amazon. fits perfectly, looks great.
great selection love the velcro straps 6 colors for me and 6 for my wife great value
haven’t had this watch band very long, but it seems to be very nice. it is a little softer than the apple brand and that makes you think it might not hold quite as well, but i have no complaints so far. color is truly dark black which is what i wanted.
this attaches with five velcro circles on the inside of the band.  very comfortable.  however, the large plastic piece at the end of the band gets caught on stuff all the time, but the fabric has held up nonetheless.
the qienco qfit nylon sport loop is a terrific and inexpensive accessory for your apple watch. it's light-weight yet rugged, and is perfect for those with active lifestyles. the velcro fastener is tight and secure through even the most rigorous workouts. i'd highly recommend it.
i bought a white band a few months ago and liked it so much i bought a different color. good quality and great price.
i love this band. it feels so much nicer than the silicon bands i've been using. snug fit, bright colors and the stitching is well done.
fits and feels  snug , don’t worry about it coming undone has a good grip !
order arrived when promised, installed and love the way it looks and feels.
my go to band. easy to put on and so comfortable. less expensive than at apple, too.
exactly what i was looking for.
great product, great fit but the top connector is slightly loose. not loose enough to come out but it has me concerned. the product looks great and feels awesome. if it wasn’t for the top notch it’d be a 5 star review. update*** company has fixed the problem! extremely fast response from the seller! amazing customer service!
love this i remove my watch often and this makes it easy to put on and take off.
exactly what i wanted as the sizing holes on the original band made it too loose or too tight. fits and feels comfortable. not sure how it looks or feels in comparison to the apple branded one (this one does look to be a tad bit smaller) would definitely purchase this over the apple branded one.
i wore this band for a week before a weekend full of hard work in the heat. it didn't rub my skin raw in the heat, and the velcro didn't loosen throughout the day. i'm impressed!! looking forward to wearing it more.
wearing it about 3 months now and its great. never slips and very thin band.
great looking product!!!
great product.  works well and is comfortable to wear.
bought set to share with my daughter. excellent quality and true to color. lots of flexibility in size and velcro is strong.
really nice watch band for my apple 2 series. i will for sure order from this company again.
wow well worth the $$$$. the material feels great and price is much much cheaper that apple brand.
i have very small wrists and have struggled to find a band that fits.  i love this band!!! it is so comfortable, i forget i'm wearing it.
a little tight when going through the pin
does what it need to do and is a good replacement for the more expensive apple one .
fiancé loves it for his apple watch.  looks good and dries fast after getting wet. very reasonable price.
the bands are the most comfortable bands out there. you hardly realize you have the watch on. i have bought a few of the apple brand watch bands and you cannot tell these two apart. highly recommend.
this band is perfect.  it does not feel cheap and seems to hold very well with no issue.
nice color, fit and price.  i will buy more of these.
great quality, almost the same as the new band you can find in the apple store.
pinkish black one - perfect fit but pinkish background
very comfirtable and durable
this has quickly become my favorite band! soft and comfortable!
my son loves the new band.
i love it!!!! looks fantastic and feels great and the fit can be adjusted as tight or as loose as you want, great buy for a great value
works like the oem feel great. works great so far so good
band is a little narrow for the 42mm watch. other that it is very comfortable.
works great with grey band and olive contrast
very very close to the actual apple sport band. i wish they made a thicker one for the 42mm watches but for the 38mm this band is perfect..
fits perfectly for an xl wrist.  very nice and simplistic.  love it.
love it!  looks legit. highly recommended.
love this watch band...i will be ordering three spares.
very comfortable, as soft and light as it is i wasn’t expecting it to hold up to much abuse. happy i was wrong.
it’s identical to the watch bands apple makes, only this one is sold at a reasonable price. i’ve had both and can’t tell the difference.
fits great. looks beautiful love it
it’s actually for the 42mm watch. the band is great
i love mine!! light weight and no longer feeling sweaty from the other bands.
very comfortable and easy on easy off
love it. i have bought several more.
love this band.  fits perfect
great experience
the band fits as expected, and while i’ve only newly received it, the quality seems comparable to the similar band i have for my 38mm watch, purchases from a different vendor/manufacture, so i am pleased
as described...  perfect.
love it and it is as good as anything apple sells for a lot less. came on time, ready to install.
my 11 year old grandson chose it for me and i love it! very light, thought that it was a solid black but there are colors in it which i really like.
great fit ! i really like this band looks great  fits great
this strap is a great, cost saving alternative to the apple branded strap.  same layout and functionality, with a nice amount of elasticity.  the velcro tabs seem solid as well.  great product.
perfect fit. like original
love the band. came quick and is great quality. seeker is excellent.
wow wow wow.. i love this band much more than the apple band i had. so much cheaper and i personally think it has a lot more style.
excellent. thankyou!
works great.
a worthy replacement to spending the $50 bucks from apple to get this. it is super comfy and really like it!
matches many outfits does not feel itchy gets lots compliments
great great band.  i love it!  it’s compleyely comfortable to sleep i’m. very cute.
it’s super soft and light weight! half the time i forget my watch is there. it’s breathable, unlike the silicone band, it doesn’t get my wrist “sweaty”. i’m going to be ordering another one!
my husband loves this strap for his 42mm apple watch. perfect!
love the flexible fit!  great colors!
great quality, very comfortable and lightweight, does not slip once attached, very pretty colour
fast shipping, great quality band love it ;)
good color, easy on.
love these! as soft & as nice as the ones apple charges 3 times as much for in the store. loved them so much i ordered 2 more. :o)
love it.  five stars!
very comfortable
i have a small wrist so it’s hard for me to find a comfortable band, these are perfect!! very adjustable and comfortable
very easy to attach to the apple watch series 2.  keep in mind it is not solid black, but has pink/orange flecks. i am happy with this product.
favorite band.
comfortable, nice closure
really appreciate it
easy to fit and very comfortable while i am working out.
exactly what i was looking for. comfortable, easy on and off. don’t hesitate! great purchase!
really love this band to work out with.  cute and sporty looking.  the price was so much better than the actual apple watches and the quality is great.
awesome.  so far, so good.  looks great and enclosure holds great.  fraction of the price that apple charges, for relatively the the product.
great quality.
very easy to change out. super comfortable! velcro is very good! fits a small wrist with no problems as well as a larger one. very satisfied 😁
very comfortable and sporty looking. would recommend this band if you are looking for a different style.
perfect!
great band. fits well, easy to put on and take off.  i like to wear it when i run.
great band however comes with no instructions on how to attach it. after looking at it for a few minutes it i figured it out but absolutely great band
awesome  fits perfectly
love this band!
fits perfect. looks goo too..
bought 2 for my grandsons apple watch. much cheaper, but good quality and he liked them a lot.
item as described. super fast shipping.
works great
just what i wanted!
great inexpensive band
very comfortable
just what i wanted!
i love it! will be ordering again!!
for the price it was worth it
i love this watch band because it is so comfortable to wear. it barely feels like you are wearing a watch.
only one issue. the width is around 1/8” less than the original band.
good quality and color is same as in the description. very happy with the purchase.
it was great quality!
love! looks great with my watch! very well made.
good quality but fifbbit fit well.
just like the original from apple
this band is very comfortable, nothing to dislike yet!
thanks
look good easy to put on and good quality
it was a perfect fit and feels perfectly snug around my wrist. i would definitely recommend this to anyone.
works great. slight flex makes it comfortable during exercise. buy 2 so you will have a dry one to use after exercise.
looks and feels just like the ones sold at apple for $50. i bought two of these and am very happy with both
this watch band is comfortable and looks great. it’s very lightweight. great price and quick delivery!
i love it. after awhile it feels like i’m not even wearing my watch. it took awhile to figure out how to get it on the watch though and it kind of sticks out a bit but overall it’s a good item.
great, no issues to report
one of my most comfortable bands. i have a small wrist and it fits perfectly.
great alternative sport loop band, color, price, and feels good to wear.
good quality, nice fit.
i liked the description, dark black, and fits well.  very nice product, especially for the price.
no sweat anymore using this. the plastic straps just wasn't for me. this is perfect.
fit just right. the band is light weight and helps me keep the watch on just right. exactly what i was looking for.
i’ve only had this band for about 3 days but so far it’s great very comfortable and it adjust for you to make it as tight or loose as you want.
very good quality and excellent price! would buy again.
came on time, it fit the watch and is comfortable
love it. 42mm in highlighter yellow. i have really small wrists and it wraps all the way back to the watch face but it’s totally fine. much better for the gym
thoroughly enjoy! love the flexibility and breathability of this over the standard rubber bands
excellent band for a mere fraction of the price that the apple sport loop is.
product looks great i love the band can’t wait to wear it. fast shipping too.
❤️the bands
nice product very comfortable to wear.
love this product!! very comfortable and sturdy! thank you!
perfect fit. comfortable and love how i can tighten it just right.
the nylon sport loop apple watch band fits the apple series 3 perfect!
looks and fits great - worth the price compared to direct from apple!
i really love this band, it’s really comfortable and easily adjustable.
super comfortable and you can’t tell the difference between apple oem and this one
this band is identical, as far as i can tell, to the one apple sells for 5x the price.
works great with iwatch
versatile watch band, although the band could be wider.
great product
easily the most comfortable watch band i've owned for the watch so far. it's identical to apple's band and a 1/3rd of the price.
i love this band! this is the first one i have ordered for my watch and don’t think i will order any other type.
well made and it works beautifully.  why pay $50 when this is just as good.
what you see is what you get. looks good and fits great.
excellent. wish it was a little wider as it’s just a bit narrower than official 42 mm sport loop
very nice
band looks great. fits perfectly. arrived as promised.
a really nice band looks exactly like the one apple sells but way cheaper!
very comfortable. secure. excellent value
great watch bands
good quality
really high quality but hard to fit over big hands.
love it. got it super dirty but washed it and it was perfect.
yes this band is great l like it feels great.
great bands. arrived quickly and comfortable.
as described
fits great and is very comfortable. quality is very high as well.
awesome band
great band for way less than apple's price. satisfied with my purchase!
i love it very light weight
good product and excellent customer support.
looks sporty, just what i wanted.
arrived as stated. good product. works well, not as thick as the apple ones but a great value.
nice quality band. fits my apple watch perfectly. exactly as described.
fits well
love mine. tried all kinds of bands like this one beat
great band!! love how lightweight it is.
good product at a great price.
great, thanks
love it .
very nice band. will buy another
just as nice as original
exactly what i was hoping for. it feels amazing and works flawlessly.
i purchased this band for my apple watch last week. i have worn it ever since, including in a pool doing aqua aerobics. it dries very quickly and it doesn't feel wet on my skin. i am delighted to say i am completely satisfied with the band at this time. it is soft and fits my narrow wrist very well (smaller size band). it is 1/3 the cost of an apple branded band. it is not as "dressy" as the milanese band but the closure concept is the same and it looks quite nice for every day wear.  right now the tabs that hook onto the "velcro" seem secure. if that changes i will update my review.
great quality, comfortable fit.  hook and loop holds together well.
speedy delivery! great seller! band looks and fits great!
nice quality
the real deal!
love it
awesome
not bad for the price
great band. fast shipping. thanks
the customer service is extremely good. highly recommended!
pretty good product
great purchase. i really like the color of the olive and grey band, and it feels just as good as the original apple band. i use this for running and the band drives off very quickly after getting sweaty, just like the apple band. the only differences is that the i can’t quite fit the velcro portion of the band all the way through the loop wso i have to squeeze my fingers together to take it off and put it on. not a big deal to me though, particularly given the price!
i bought the series 3 nike watch so that i could get the sport loop. i loved it. so did my mother, who at 83 has tiny wrists. so i gave her my beloved sport loop. as soon as this was available, i ordered one. it's wonderful!
this is a quality band and it fits larger wrists as well as smaller ones.  it's very comfortable on my 7-1/4" wrist with plenty of room to loosen and tighten and my daughter's 5-1/4" wrist.  this one is the most similar to the apple version.  good price and fast shipping.
i love this band. it fits well, is breathable, and comfortable. it is superior to the apple version in appearance and comfort.
love the product!
i purchased one of these sport loops and really liked it.  unfortunately one of the connecting pieces broke broke.  it was a small clip that connecting the band to where it locks into the apple watch.  i contacted the seller and he was quick to respond with a solution.  i ended up buying the 6 pack this time and split the cost with my brother.  the band is comfortable and light weight, the loop is secure, and the price is good.  the 6 pack is a good value can be split with someone else or given as a gift.  i would definitely recommend this band and the seller.
it’s a cheap knock off. got mine on flash sale for about $8.00 which is the only reason i tried it out. definitely stays on the wrist via velcro and dries out pretty fast from getting wet via sweat or water. doesn’t smell, no allergic reactions and being able to adjust size with no holes is clutch! my only concern is the plastic clasps. wish they were metal, but they fit exactly with no over hang or anything. for $15, it’s a go!
item seems to be as described.  quality is noticeably not as great as original apple sport loop but it is very close and seems to be well made.  only issue i seemed to have is the fact that this manufacturer used the 38mm bands for the 42mm watch and just made larger lugs.  very big minus in my book but then again you get what you pay for and this is a cheap 3rd party band.
the band appears to be made of the same material as the apple product. it is about a millimeter narrower than the original band. the plastic inserts seem to fit snugly and do not stick out.  the velcro attachment seem solid. really, for the price difference the  the velcro attachment seem solid. really, for the price difference this band seems like a good  buy.
first time buyin an non 3rd party apple watch band. the fit into the watch is okay, it’s a little loose but has never fell out. i do love how great this band breathes. my wrists are a little smaller than normal so i have to have the velcro part wrap all the way around but it fits comfortably.
i gotta say the quality of this sport loop is astonishing. i went to the apple store to compare and can barely tell the difference.  it’s incredibly soft and comfortable and breathes really well. my wrist doesn’t sweat or get fatigued like the rubber sport band. can’t recomment this one enough.
honestly i am really impressed. it's virtually indistinguishable in feel and quality from the apple-branded band. i wouldn't be surprised if it came from the same exact factory in china that apple's do.
i love it. it's so comfortable that i think i like it better than the generic brand milanese strap. it's secure and easy to fasten. it looks nice and feels great.
great band, love the fit and feel and at this price what’s not to love
this band is great because i can adjust it to fit my wrist perfectly.
nice band but not quite wide enough. the real apple version fits better
love it! thanks.
working great so far!
easy on, feels great and is the most comfortable of 3 different bands i've tried. excellent value and product. highly recommend.
item as stated; looks and feels just like the apple brand; plan to purchase more colors
fits perfect
fits perfectly. really nice band for the price.
like the flexibility of determining the size for my wrist. i have a large wrist and finding a band that fits properly is difficult. this wristband solves that problem.
i loved this product and i recommend it to anyone that wants to buy it. it is a cheaper version of apple bands that are so expensive. i decided to buy this because i have the leather bands and it is uncomfortable when i work out because of the sweat. this band keeps my arm nice and clean and no irritation present
easy to put on and is very attractive.
awesomely cheap and awesome choices! worth it!
purchased this for my daughter.  she has used other bands in the past but now wanted one that was easy on and off, was soft on the skin, not bulky or heavy.  this fit the bill.  she wanted the lavender which is a nice color.  only downside is the edging looked more teal in the photo which is what she was wanting vs. the  blue blue color on the one that she received.
bought this for my husband and a second one for myself - we just did't like the silicone/rubbery ones that came with the apple watch.  we both have been wearing them daily for 6-1/2 months now without any problem whatsoever (occasionally even sleeping with them on).  i have a very small wrist and love how snug i can make this band fit.  neither band shows any signs of wear or fraying.  i came back to get another color and thought i should leave a review now that we've had them for some time.  we love these bands!
the only reason i gave this 4 stars is that the colors  that came in the set were almost similar in color and the white strap doesn't really look that great. i wish you can choose the 6 colors you want when ordering but for the price, that's probably why they didn't put together the best color combo in the pack.
as good as original apple product!
awesome band, it dries easily and is machine washable. it looks just like the official apple bands, but for a fraction of the price; i would definitely recommend!
bought this for hubby
as advertised.
excellent fit and perfect for working out
nice band, nice color, fits well. i'm happy with  my purchase.
so much more comfortable than plastic that makes you sweat.
these work great! love the colors! now i have bands to switch out to to match, if i want to!
i’ve been wearing the band since i got it last week. it’s very comfortable and easy to put on. i have the space grey watch and i wish the connections and trim on the band were black. perhaps that color combination will be available in the future.
so simple - quality is fine.
the product was exactly how it was described. it fit my wrist perfectly and during very sweaty workouts it does no move around my wrist. good change from my previous band during intense workout sessions.
excellent products with no defects.
great band, lasts a long time but doesn’t dry as fast as the apple brand. wear it all the time, can’t tell it from the real thing other than the quick dry
good fit; comfortable and arrived quickly
wanting to try a different band for my apple watch, i took a chance on this loop and hook band and couldn't be happier. really good quality for the price, very comfortable and stylish as well.  so good i may have to get some additional colors!
i really like this band.  it doesn’t feel cheap or flimsy.  the black is a really dark black, which i like.  it feel comfortable on my wrist.  shipping was fast!!
i got the 42 mm watch to make sure i could see it well.  i have a small wrist, though and the original band was so wide all around it felt like a bandage.  i wanted something more sleek. these bands are it.  they are tapered away from the watch head enough that they have some shape and are a bit more narrow around the wrist.  also more comfortable because of the slight decrease in width.  you don’t know you have it on?
i’ve disliked the bland colored band that came with my apple watch for quite a while and wanted the pink sand band instead, but wasn’t wanting to spend the $50 for an apple brand band. i got this one in the pink sand color, and i am personally pleased with the way it looks, although it is not exactly the same as the authentic apple pink sand color. i’ve attached pictures of my watch with this “pink sand” band sitting next to a co-worker’s authentic apple pink sand and you can see the difference when they are side by side. mine is the larger, and as you can see, this “pink sand” is slightly pinker in comparison. i will say that while in the pictures (and when placed side by side) the band looks a noticeable bit pinker, when the watches are on our wrists and not being compared so closely, you almost couldn’t tell a difference. part of that might also have to do with us having different skin tones (i’m very pale and she has a nice golden tan). overall i’m happy with the band, i was wanting a very pale pink/blush color and that’s what i got, even if it is pinker in comparison. and the construction, fit, material, etc of the band is nice and is holding up well so far. it’s soft and comfortable and i’ve not had any problems with wearing it every day for the past 2+ months. would recommend!
i was nervous about getting this band because of the price but i was tired of giving all my money to apple.  this band was perfect and i am so glad i gave it a shot.  i put it next to the bad that came with the watch and i really could not see any difference.  some other reviewers said it was thinner than apple’s but i don’t think so.  i am going to order this in other colors
this band is just like the apple watch band.  i have a pale pink one already (apple brand) and now this pale aqua one.  it only comes with the one size you order unlike the apple bands that come with a small and large size in the same package.  so, know what size you want when you order!  it feels just like the apple bands.  i have only had it a week so i can't tell you if it will wear the same but it sure seems the same!
i have been wearing the bands for a few days now. they are comfortable and fit very similarly to the apple bands. they appear to fit slightly looser, but it is not in a bad way and is barely noticeable. i did notice a very slight stain on one of the lighter colored bands from the dye on a shirt, but i think that is to be expected with this material. it is nothing super noticeable. i think this is a great deal for the number of colors you receive.
nice selection of colors, go great with the silver case. these are thinner than the apple silicone bands, but for 8 bands at less than the cost of 1 apple band are a great value. because these bands are thinner the watch band is a little looser than i was used to, but it was too tight if i went up a notch. after a day of wear though, i adjusted to it. the bands snap in securely. i've worn them in the shower and had no issue with the quality of the metal part. highly recommend.
the band fitted the watch nicely, i love the color. the band seems very secure when fastened. i will report back if i have any problems.
this band met my expectations fully.  i really like the bands with the pin that you press into the silicon rather than a buckle.  hate buckles.  also, what made this particular band my choice is the wrist sizing option.  i have a small wrist and i love that i don't have to feed an extra inch or so  down the inside of the band.
i love having all of the color options for my new iwatch.  these bands looks and feel just like the apple brand watch bands.  my favorite by far is the white band, but i like to switch it up frequently.  i've had the bands for several weeks now, and they still work and look brand new.  great option at a bargain price!
love these!  i purchased an apple watch for work for convenience's sake.  i thought i'd get to pick whatever band i wanted but they told me it only came in 2 colors or i could buy a $40 band separately.  forget that!  who's going to pay another $40 for a band?  so as soon as i got home, i went on amazon and looked for a set of colors i liked at an acceptable price, and i really love my band.  all the colors are fun.  my favorites are the pastels.  the pink is slightly brighter than what apple sells, which i actually really like.  it's the one i wear almost all the time but like i said, i love all the colors.  would definitely recommend and they came super fast.  i ordered a saturday night and they got there sunday morning, yes!  just a heads up but like other reviews say, these bands are slightly thinner but wear exactly like the original ones.  i actually prefer that because it doesn't feel too heavy on my arm either.
these arrived in great condition and are just as described. i can feel a slight difference, namely in the stiffness, from my original apple watch. but other wise these are a great comparison especially for the price. i love having all of the different color options. they slide on and off easily so i can change the color to match my outfit each day. so far i have had no issues with the watch coming undone while wearing it either. i am very happy with my purchase and would not love to buy even more bands! i am addicted! colors are definitely as pictured as well.
this band fits better than the original.  i have a rose gold watch and have been wearing the original light pink band since i got it.  i don’t know why i never thought of getting a black band.  it looks so much more sophisticated and dressy.  even though it’s a sports band the matte finish makes it look fantastic.  i’ve been looking for a replacement band for my watch for a long time and have not been satisfied with the other bands i’ve ordered.  i’m more than happy with this band.
i love love this band! it fits, looks, and feels exactly like the apple band at a fraction of the cost! very comfortable. great fit. size matches the apple band perfectly. awesome color! loved it so much i bought the white and royal blue as well, and, while i haven’t worn them yet, they look to be the same quality and design of this barbie pink one that i initially ordered and have been using for almost a week now. i highly recommend this brand!
i’ve been wearing it for two days and i can’t tell the difference between the apple band.
the 8-pk of bands for this price is a great deal. i emailed the seller to mail me the exact colors in the picture since i read in the reviews that some people got colors that weren’t in the picture and that there were multiple of the same colors.
fits my 42mm watch and my wrist great. honestly, can hardly tell a difference between apple band and these. i would order more from this company. my only complaint is the color of then “pink” one... its really more a skin color than pink. otherwise, they all slid into the face nice and stay secure on my wrist. soft and conforming to wrist
i bought the mint green and the color was just a smidge brighter than the pale minty shade in the picture. but it's not a dealbreaker, i still like it. but it is just a bit brighter than pictured if you really want that nice pale shade, so just be warned. the band feels just like the real apple one that i got when i first bought my watch and i've taken it swimming, into the shower, and a bunch of sweaty workouts, with no damage or discoloration. the magnet is just as secure as my "official" apple band and snaps in just the same. for some reason i was worried about rust on that metal part that touches your skin since it was so cheap, but that hasn't happened and i've been wearing this for over a month now so it most likely won't. great purchase, i definitely plan to buy more colors!
great bands for the price. i will probably order more in other colors. this is a little bit thinner than the band that came with my watch but that’s okay because i didn’t pay $50 for one band! fits securely into the slots on the watch face. looks great. fits comfortably. the material is not exactly the same as the original band but it close enough that i am very pleased. i do have very sensisitve skin and almost didn’t purchase these because of one review that showed a rash. i wiped the bands off with a wet wipe before wearing it and although my skin is sensitive, i have not had any problems.
i figured with the low price i had nothing to lose to give these bands a try.  so far my experience has been very good.  the bands look identical to the original that came with my watch.  they also function the same. the clasp is the same design and function the same and it is just as secure as the original.  i have seen reviews that discusssed fading and less than secure clasps but i don’t anticipate these issues but i’ll update this post if i see future quality issues of any kind.
i was iffy about this band as most of them cannot compete with the originals and they would either attract lint and dust, or too bland to hold the watch, but i gave it a try as most reviews are positive. indeed, i cannot complain, good enough texture to be comfortable on the wrist and it does not attract dusts as i thought it would. the white color is really good looking and good quality. i placed another order for a pink color to match my phone case.
this soft pink color is exactly what i was looking for! it looks great with the gold color of the apple watch.
i am so glad i didn't order the apple watch bands. these are perfect! a little thinner like others stated, but i personally love that because i have a very small wrist and it feels better. they look exactly like the apple bands other than being slightly thinner material. very comfortable. amazing price. i ordered the three-pack and i absolutely love them. i will be ordering all the other colors as well.
it's a slightly different material than what came with my apple watch, but i don't mind it. it's a little more rubbery but not like a gross, flimsy band. i purchased another band from a different seller on amazon and it was so flimsy and weak, i hated it. but this white band i purchased works great. it is a bit less stiff than the original apple brand band, but it is fairly sturdy! great price, good product.
the color was true to the image online, and the band seems sturdy and fit well into the slots on my apple watch (2nd gen). the holes are spaced very slightly off from the apple brand bands, which is convenient if you’re looking for a slightly tighter or looser fit.
i’ve had these bands for a few months and am happy with my purchase. i love the durability of the silicone as i work out in these and have never had an issue with slippage or the fasteners coming undone. i also wear during work and they look great with a suit or a workout outfit. fasteners appears to be holding up well and i like that the packs come with three colors to match most outfits.
pros:
i was expecting this to be the exact size of an original apple watch band.  it's certainly not- when i received it, i thought it was the wrong size.  it's not, but it has differently positioned holes to the original.
the "sand" colored band i purchased with my watch became discolored (dirty and faded). i ordered this pack of three bands; the pink one i installed fits just fine. i have skin allergy issues, but the new band has caused no problems, and i wear my apple watch from the time i get up until i go to bed at night. very pleased with the product.
arrived on time and nicely packaged.  the band is soft silicone, snapped perfectly in place and fits both my watch and wrist wonderfully!  i really like the color too- a nice neutral pinkish nude.  this was a great and affordable replacement for my original apple watch band that didn’t fit my small wrist.  why pay $50+ when is is just as good.  i definitely recommend this band!
i have several watches but my apple watch was a gift for my 65th birthday. i have all intentions of getting my monies worth. so the fact that i can change my watch band eight times is great. the price was just so right for me the quality is so close to the apple's brand. the only big difference is the price. i got eight band for about 25% of the price for one apple's watch band. the closure is secure and the colors are great. you beat that.
this product was way better than expected. my wrist is larger & while i was expecting the bands to be shorter, found the m/l size was exactly like the original silicon band that came with my apple watch.  the original white silicon band that came with my watch was thick & uncomfortable whereas these bands are lighter without losing the look of the original apple band.  one of my better purchases from amazon!
i bought these a little skeptical of them because i have seen other "knock offs" and they didn't have the same smooth feel as the apple bands, but these do! they don't collect any hair (sounds weird) on them like i've seen others that just stick to anything. colors are pretty! (i got the 8 pack for $31) very happy!
my husband surprised me with an apple watch and i love it.  these bands are awesome cause i can switch out the colors and wear it with just about any outfit.  they are comfortable even when i am active.  i also found a few case covers on amazon that match a few different colors of the bands and it gives a totally different look!  highly recommended!
after my original rose gold band was looking discolored i purchased a sport strap. after a month i was going crazy with the traditional watch design and the end of the band slipping out & flapping around. found this admaster band that looks more like the original. i got the gray one & it's been great. very similar to the original.
love this mint colored band. every bit as nice as the apple version and some much more affordable compared to apple’s $49 price tag! been wearing it for 2 months now. no complaints!
i just bought the new apple watch and it came with a white band. i bought a few various bands to play around with and this is my favorite. it is comfortable, just the right amount of stretchy, secure, and the color is great. i might buy a few other colors for fun. at this price, why not!
love my apple watch but hate how gadgety it looks. i tried the black band and feel that the grey or taupe are better for looking for feminine. i have very very skinny wrists and have no issue with this band. i also have sensitive skin and the metal part doesn’t bother me like others have.
the band came very quick! it’s just as soft as the apple watch band. the only difference i’ve noticed is that this band is a bit thinner than the apple one, but that doesn’t concern me. it’s not crazy thin. it’s just right. the color is just as it is online. cute and cheaper than the original. the band fits me just as the apple one does. it comes in the same sizes, i ordered the (s/m) just like my original apple band, and fits like a glove. overall i’m extremely happy with this product and will be buying more colors soon.
haven’t worn them all yet but every single one fit really well and didn’t slide out of the base of the watch like some of the after markets i bought. they look great, close to the same size, not as thick as apple brand but thicker than other after markets and colors are great!!!!! would highly recommend!!!
i’ve ordered other off-brand sports bands before and returned them, but this one’s a keeper!  it’s not flimsy at all, fits snugly inside the magnetic closure, and snaps securely in place.  it is a tad thinner than the name brand bands i have, but just barely, and it doesn’t bother me.  heck of a price, too—just buy it!
purchased two bands to change from the ones that came with the watches. tried another site on amazon but wasn't crazy about the quality. these bands look and feel great, connected perfectly and wear very well. i wear these watches and bands almost daily and no signs of any issues with them. can't beat the price especially when compared against the cost of an apple watch band.
the product is similar like announced. the quality of material is ok. is you put that one and apple ones side by side, you cannot tell what is one made by apple and what is not.
love swapping these out each day. the navy fits a little off but the rest are perfect. i even got pen on one and was able to get it off. sunscreen seems to damage the silicone a bit but you shouldn’t spray sunscreen with it on! that was my bad. looking now to see if they have another set!
its so charming and i love the color that i will order more colors from this company.  i feel that admaster is very interested me as a customer that i receive emails asking if my order was alright and as expected.  all i can say is its more than what i expected for the price i paid.
these are really nice and are identical to the apple watch bands i have in silicone.  i ordered the red, which is a true red!
my daughter has small wrist and the small bands fit perfectly. she loves the colors and changes them to match her outfits. the bands are comparable to apple just metal to attach straps are different. the plastic bands are smooth and comfortable. so many bands for such an affordable price.:)
great value, and great color, wife likes the feel. i got these for my wife so she can change up color with outfits and one of them(white one in my pack) doesn’t lock in to place. one of the small black pieces fell off so had to make it work, not worth sending back just one band.. but if the wife is happy i’m happy.
my husband got me an applewatch 3 for our anniversary and wanted to get me extra watch bands.  these are fabulous!  not only are the color options great but the bands themselves fit the watch perfectly and can be switched out easily.  highly recommend.
love the color.. it is a little darker than the picture portrayed, but anticipated that from reading others reviews. it has the same softness as the apple bands, without the same price tag. for only $8, these are a steal! i ordered two diff colors to begin with and just ordered another three colors!
band fits nicely and matches up exactly with my series 3. the only thing i wish is that there was an option to choose the connector color to match the color of your watch. unfortunately, these bands only have it available in silver - not a huge deal but hey my ocd haha
this watch band looks and feels like the original apple watch band i received with my watch.  i cannot tell the difference  it blend well with all the metals that come in apple watches. it is nice to have a band that looks fresh and will not take on a bluish tint as my other one did
so far it has held up nicely even with a little sweat/moisture you may get from wearing it all day. i'm just sad that admaster took off the rest of the individual colors unless you wanna buy a whole pack. will update in the future if anything changes.
hesitant to purchase a knock off, i researched the reviews for this band.  it’s excellent quality, looks just like the apple strap i already have, and this ones affordable.  the quality is outstanding and i could not be any happier.  you will not be disappointed purchasing the band; it’s a winner!!
love it!! i actually regret not getting this before when i purchased a black one from another brand. this look so authentic and fits perfectly!! if you have small wrists and want something that doesn’t feel lose, this is perfect for you. i’m ordering the black one too.
this apple watch band surprised me as to how similar it is the real apple watch band! it looks great and it feels great! i also love the grey pebble color i got. i will definitely order more!
just like the bands that came with my watch. the only issue i have is the coloring is a little off than the colors shown. the maroon color is more of a red and the red is like a bright watermelon color. but for the price i can’t beat getting knock off bands.
i have seen different people order bands for their apple watch and i was intimidated by the different companies and options. i chose my favorite color (mint) and when it arrived it’s the exact color as shown!!!
this watchband looks and feels just like the original from apple and the cost is much less. i didn’t like the light pink and the black looks classier. your watch came with two sizes, this one only has the smaller size which works for me on the second to last hole.
i really like these bands!  nice assortment of colors. i have the 42 mm series 3 and i have a very small wrist ( blind as a bat so i wanted the bigger watch) these are slightly tapered and fit my wrist perfectly.  very comfortable!
i didn’t want to spend $50 on a apple watch band at the store. i was hoping that this band would be as nice as the one i got on my watch when i purchased my apple watch. i honestly can’t tell that it isn’t a apple brand watch band. i would definitely recommend this to others!
this was a new color & replacement for the wife’s smartwatch, and it is an exact fitting match to any original apple band we’ve used.  it’s quality material, comfort, and wonderfully priced.  would order another right here as needed!  thank you :)
i love these bands - this is my 3rd one purchased from them (i have the white, navy and not the grey) - they're easy to trade on and off my apple watch and fit great just like the apple brand band that came with my watch...only 1/4th of the price!  i highly receommend - i'm very happy with my purchases!!!
omg, this has been the greatest purchase of my life in amazon. to be able to get something in cheaper price than retail is amazing but also it be a great product overall is mind blowing. i saved so much money and i love it. this product has been great since day 1, no complaints. i will be repurchasing more in the near future. get yours too!
bands are very good quality. i would actually give the bands 5 stars. only reason i'm knocking 1 off is company sent larger length (m/l) instead of s/m.  i know i could have returned but they were a mother's day gift and the larger just fit with the last hole.
love the watch band.  compared to the silicone band that came with my apple watch, it may be slightly thinner, but not enough to notice.  the holes lined up exactly with my original band & the button clasp is very secure.  where the band attaches to the watch is very secure & snaps into place just like the apple band.  the color (mint green) was a little richer than the picture.  i was expecting it to be a little more muted based on the picture & was hoping for a softer color.  however, the color is pretty!  worth the purchase and at this price i can afford several bands.
fantastic deal! these are great watch bands; seem just like the original apple bands to me. fun colors, fit nicely. very happy with my purchase.
these bands seem great. i love all the colors and will definitely be using all of them. compared to my apple band, which is the grey one shown in the photos, these bands are almost identical. however, the apple band does have a different feel to it and you can tell it is higher quality.  with that being said, 8 of these bands cost way less than a single apple band. the bands are very comfortable and they seem durable. for me, this was a great purchase.
very soft and good quality. when i try to place it, it doesn't "click" like it does with the apple band, it feels a little not secure but it doesn't come off.
i am more than pleased with these watch bands. they are the exact quality of the apple watch bands for a fraction of the cost.  they fit perfect and are just as soft and comfortable as the apple watch sport bands.  you won't be disappointed. i will definitely be purchasing more.
my wife has ordered these in multiple colors to match her outfits. other reviews said the bands caused them to break out in a rash. we have had none of that. they work with her apple watch as expected and they seem to be true to color and are durable.
had a little trouble getting one of the straps to lock into place, but it’s doing great now that it’s in. it looks just like an apple band, but it feels thinner and more “plastic”. it’s also slightly longer than the m/l apple sport band but just by a couple cm.
day 2 and so far i love it. perfect size for my small wrist. great color. smooth matte finish. so far so good. if i continue to like it i may get another color or if something ever happens to this one i may purchase it again
i like this white bank on my apple watch 42 mm. it feels great on the wrist even better than the original apple bank that came with the watch. i only had this for few days and it looks and feels great.
unless you have the original apple watchband right next to you to compare, you can’t really tell the difference. it’s slightly lesser quality but at this price who cares? you can buy like 6 of these for the price of an apple one. couldn’t be more satisfied with my purchase. i’ll definitely buy another one of these when my white watchband inevitably gets too dirty again.
love this one. the pink color is perfect. i wear my watch every single day. i am a nursing studying and i wash my hands a million times at the hospital. the band hasn’t gotten stained or lost it’s color. also, i have sensitive skin, and i do not even get itching from wearing it an entire 12 hours. i’ve had my band for about 3 months now.
i like the look of these bands. so far they wear well and look good. i’ve only had them a short time so don’t know what the long-term where it is. but so far - great!
absolutely no difference in quality between these bands and the apple bands. i’m so happy with this great buy! i can change my bands out accordingly to my outfits now without having to spend over $400! i’m so grateful haha:) a definite buy, if you wear your watch to the gym regularly.
i purchased the 42 m/l band in barbie pink. i adore this watchband. ok, thats weird but it is great. it has faded a bit and it is shinier than when i first got it but i've used it everyday for nearly 4 months including swimming in chlorinated pools regularly. it was so cheap, i feel like it was more than worth the money.
it’s slightly thinner than apple oem bands; however, it doesn’t really make a difference in the form, fit,or function of the band. this band was the same color as advertised on amazon. i would definitely buy other colors from this seller.
i love this band and it’s pretty true to color from the pictures. the size is exactly like the apple bands. actually everything about this band is exactly like the apple bands but at a fraction of the cost!!!
these bands are as advertised, and they fit well with my apple watch.  i will say that the white one did not latch well.  if i had not been looking, i would have lost my watch.  can't use the white one.
love these bands, easy to put on and comfortable.  the pink is great for summer.
absolutely love my bands. shipping was super fast. wish there were more colors so i could get more. very happy. thank you!
got my order right away. so far i've only worn the gray band, but it fits as promised. no problems fitting the watch and slid on easily. it is a soft silicone band and so comfortable to wear. i thought the price couldn't be beat and i look forward to being able to interchange my bands on a whim! love them!
i really love this band the material feels like the apple watch band. this band is fabulous. the band does not irratate when it get wet from cleaning i just wipe it off and it looks brand new. i’ve only worn it 5 days so far no problem.
i am very happy with my purchase, the colors are great and the material looks very durable and has not given me any issues, i am very excited to change my bands now that i have many colors to choose from. believe me, when i ordered them i thought to my self... why would i need different tones of red, well once you see the difference in the colors you will not regret buying the different colors that they offer
this is a great band and very comfortable, i work in an environment that creates a lot of moisture on my skin and this stays in place great. the only negative i would give it is the length is not quite long enough. i couldn’t find measurements when i ordered it and i really wish i would have gotten the m/l instead. it still fits but is a little more snug than i would like. all in all a great product.
i like the texture and color the small is really small and i have small wrist - i will order the next size up if these don’t stretch.
i love this product! i got this because i lost my black apple band. i didn’t want to spend $50.00 on a new one and i’m glad i didn’t. this band come pretty close to the real thing. when i compared them it was a minor detail at the end of the strap that was different. it is true to color and it fits comfortable! i will buy other colors in the future.
i love the way it looks and feel.  great quality!!
i saw this band in the apple store for $50. i ordered this one because i figured it was cheaper, but wouldn’t be the quality.  it is just as good as the apple band at a fraction of the price. i’m ordering more colors for sure.
these watch bands are sturdy, comfortable and attractive. the color of each is true to the picture. the way they clasp is easy to use. they fit my wrist really well. these bands are a great deal for the price.
it’s perfect, i’ve had it for almost two months and it is still completely white, considering i’m a very messy painter that is really good. still in perfect condition, durable and good quality.
this was the band i was looking for!  i have a few other colors, but needed a black one and this fits on the watch and looks great.  order was received in just a few days and was not damaged!
love these! they all fit my watch well and feel just like the apple branded bands. i highly recommend these! (silver band was my original one to show they are all very similar)
this silicone watchband is exactly what was advertised.  i cannot tell the difference between this band and the more expensive apple watch band.  it looks like it is very well made and will hold up a long time.
love this band, but had to deduct a star for the difficulty in removing it from the apple watch 3. all my other bands slide on/off easily, but this one take about 5 tries and is very frustrating.
i've only been using the new band for about 7-10 days, but so far it's held up great! it's easy to clean and easy to change out when i've want one of the other colors! great purchase so far!
this is the perfect mix of feminine and sporty. i love the color and love the fit! fits the exact same as the apple band that came with my watch.. affordable option if you like to switch your bands often!
this band is fantastic. it’s soft and very comfortable to wear during workouts. i actually like a bit more than the apple band my watch came with. the navy color was true to the pictures online and looks great with my rose gold watch. i will definitely be purchasing in other colors.
these bands are just like the ones the apple watch comes with. the holes are a little smaller in these but it helps give a tighter fit when wearing it. i just wish there was a gray color in the pack.
i have ordered 2 of these sets.  the colors are different between the 2 sets on a couple of the bands, but overall they are really nice quality. i wear mine everyday, as well as 2 of my kids, and we have had no issues with them. it has been over a month and they are holding up well. i would recommend if you like to change up your colors a lot and don’t want the traditional buckle clasp.
these bands are great quality.  the material is soft, pliable, very comfortable...but substantial.  the band locks onto the watch securely.  i have purchased them for myself and family and the colors are all terrific.
love the color choices.  i am wearing the midnight blue band and have received lots of compliments.  excellent price and arrived in two days. can't go wrong with this purchase!
i really wanted a cute sports watch band for dog walking & didn't want to pay the outrageous prices that best buy, apple & other like stores charge. i did my research & saw this one had great reviews, so i ordered it. i received it yesterday & it is perfect! it's just as good if not better than the expensive apple bands! it's very comfortable & you can't tell it's an off brand at all! i will definitely be ordering more!
i love these watch bands!  they are easy to put on, even one handed, and easy to keep clean.  you don’t even know it’s there they feel so light!  i wish they would package them in groups of pastels and bold seperatly though.  some of the bold ones are too dark for me.
love it! easy to put on, very comfortable & like it has a lot of room for adjustment. white coordinates with all my outfits. the only downfall, because i wear my watch when i swim, the silver clasp started to rust.
we have ordered many of these bands in both sizes.  very pleased with the thickness and feel of them.  the color choices are rich.  it's the best, most similar to, the original replacement band that we have found.
looks just as good as the apple brand, but for a lot less! beautiful, nice and really white, not some dull color. easy to wipe and keep clean. great item,and i will be buying more in other colors!
i love these bands. i had the black one that came with my apple watch and i didnt think i would like the sport type band as much but i have such small wrists that they feel more comfortable for me. so i was searching and found these and love all the color options. now i can match my band to may outfits. great purchase good price fast shipping.
i was skeptical of these watch bands since the price was so low, but i figured i didn't have much to lose so i gave them a try.  i ordered both the white and pink colors and i love them!  i think they feel better than the black band that came with the watch.  maybe because these are a little more thin so they shape with your wrist and move better.  i'm definitely going back to get more colors!
i love that this is the bright red that is pictured. exactly what i was hoping for. have been wearing almost everyday since purchase. had held up well with no issues.
the admaster apple watch band was everything that was advertised. the product was delivered even before the expected time of arrival.  made for a great birthday gift and made the recipient very happy.
i always get compliments on my watch bands. love changing the band colors to match my outfits without paying the big bucks. i have the 42mm rose gold and all these colors look fabulous with it!
this item arrived promptly.  the colors are exactly like the photos and they fit my watch well.  i may order other colors in the future!  highly recommend.
i purchased this product for my mother. she needed a replacement wristband for her apple watch. i figured that she needed a different variety of colors instead of just one. she is very happy for having the new wristbands. my mother can now switch wristbands to match any outfit she wears when going out. thank you for the product and the timeliness of the delivery. i appreciate it and my mother appreciates it as well.
great watch band! it looks and feels just like the band that came with the watch. it’s new so that may be why the band seems a bit thicker than the original but i like it that way.
after reading all the reviews i figured i’d try these out considering the price was hard to beat.  i received my bands and they are awesome.  they feel just as good as the original apple bands and the colors are great! i want to get more!!!
love this watch band.  it fits just right and the color is spot on with the picture on the internet. would recommend this band to anyone looking for quality and price.
i read the other reviews and thought (despite the amazing reviews) there would be no way i’d like these as much as the original band.  but, i was wrong! they are awesome!!! you cannot tell the difference between them and the original!
they are so cute, i have a different color for anything i could possibly want to wear. i usually don’t like pink either, but this pink is super suddle so i will definitely be wearing it on my days where i’m wearing all grey or black. my favorite is the tiffany blue because it’s a little less poppy than the teal. i seriously love all these colors so much though.
i have purchased quite a few knock-off apple watch sports bands, and this is the best one yet. it feels and wears closest to the original band. the other knock-offs i have purchased have turned shiny after a few months, not this one. i love that it has stayed matte color, and i wear it every day.
these watch bands are exactly what i wanted.  the bands aren't too thick and i like that they come in s/m.  also like the selection of the multi packs, nice basic colors (black, white, & pink sand) which is what i wanted.  would definitely buy again if i want other colors.
great value and sturdy so far. i like the color selection. and especially like the pastel blue and pink and the white one. doesn’t feel like the original apple straps but they’ll do.
love the color pebble. wasn’t sure how it would look with the rose gold, but i love it! can’t tell the difference between this and the apple brand. highly recommended
i looked these up after having sticker shock for how much apple wanted for these exact same looking ones. this looks exactly the same as the apple bands and is a fraction of the price. i have had this for months and it is great quality.
got this as a gift for my friend and she loved it. it's a perfect fit and feels really good to the touch. the bright colors is quite fun as well.
got this for my wife for her new apple watch series 1. she's been using it everyday for a couple of months now without any issues. installed very easily. would buy again
i am amazed by how perfect these are, comfortable, fit perfectly, vibrant colors, look, feel and function like apple brand, already bought another set as a gift!
my original white band had been used so much that it was dingy. i was hopeful about this band and it has met my expectations. it’s perfect. i would absolutely order again and again.
four months in and after pretty constant wear, only one has broken right at the watch connection point. overall, they’re stylish & great colors and pretty durable. i wish there was an olive and purple color instead of doubling up on the light blue/reel and scarlet red/poppy, since they’re so similar. regardless, i get compliments on these all the time!
excelente calidad, similar al original pero mucho más barato, el botón es plateado, si no te importa la diferencia en caso de que tengas un gold te encantará
this band exceeded my expectations! you can’t beat the price and i love the color; it’s a gorgeous blush pink and it seems to be great quality. i have extremely sensitive skin and i have been using it everyday for a week with no irritations. i highly recommend this band!
really pleased with this purchase. although the wristband doesn't initially feel exactly like the apple one, within minutes you can't tell the difference. the gray color is also true to the photo. the band is maybe a hair smaller than the apple version - i have the 38, and whereas the third button is usually comfortable but slightly large on me, on this band it was a perfect fit, just something to keep in mind. i plan to purchase a few more!
this watch band seems very similar to the ones i have purchased at the apple website.  same length and thickness. cannot tell the difference  very pleased with this purchase
pictures show two metal pins for holding the watch band, only comes with one.  i am guessing with one it makes it easier to get on your wrist.  very comfortable on your wrist.  connection to the watch does have some extra play over an actual apple band but for the price, i will deal with it.
nice 3 pack of silicone bands. they are a little more stiff then the oem version but they may get a little more “givey” as they are worn.
these fit just like apple watches.  the mint green is gorgeous and i’ll be wearing it a lot.  this is the third band purchased from admaster.  i’m very happy with it
so far i’m very happy with the band. looks and feels the same as the apple ones for way cheaper. only complaint is that it’s kinda big. thought i ordered the smaller band?
absolutely love my new watch band!  it was easy to attach and feels & looks just like the apple band that came with my watch, but much cheaper! i will buy more in different colors!
i got this band yesterday. it’s the best band i have ordered(had to return others). looks like the original band that the apple watch comes with. the band fitted my wrist perfectly. i love it. i will order other colors soon
synopsis: great deal
came in super fast. i love these equally as much as the original sports band that came from apple. and for this price i like to get in lots of colors to match sports events,etc. fun to change them up at such a low price.
received and was pleasantly surprised at how nice it is.
just got these yesterday. colors are fantastic and true to what is advertised. the fit is wonderful. some say that they are a bit thinner than the apple brand but i didn't notice that yet.
perfect! the band is exactly like the apple watch bands but for a fraction of the cost. love my band as i use it often for swimming. great purchase.
super fabulous band. my original apple watch band was 2 yrs old and getting worn. this is a refreshing light pink and as soft as my original. highly recommend👍🏼
i was surprised that i liked this. i’ve really wanted a white band, but when i’ve ordered from other sellers on amazon, i was not pleased with the quality. they wouldn’t even fit on my watch. this one is great. fits well and is comfortable! i’d buy from this seller again for sure.
the band is nice. you can feel a slight difference in the weight from the apple one, but visually no one would be able to tell. it is can be a little difficult to remove from watch every now and then.
i have ordered several of these bands.  i love them.  the price is good and the fit is great.  i love the colors and the material is nice.  they wipe up easily.
wasn't sure what to expect because it was less expensive than apple bands. however, it's a nice looking band! it is a little thinner than apple bands but it's not noticeable (i only noticed because i see apple watch bands all day at work). the color is really nice and it's comfortable!
i like it. no problems. i like that i can pick a different color to match my outfit. colors are a tad bit dull than the apple brand but hey you’re saving a ton of money
you can’t tell the difference between these bands and the actual apple bands. plus the colors are perfect! i can easily change the band to coordinate with my outfit.
it is not identical to the apple version but it is damn near close! this product is totally worth the price and will be ordering more in different colors! i recommend this apple watch strap.
happy with this band..just wish it were really red...more orange red when next to a red shirt.  it's very comfortable and soft.
i bought this in pink and in blue. they fit perfectly and are made with excellent quality. i don't worry that the band will not stay securely on my wrist.
the bands were received in good order, and it was nice to have the variety of colours. they are well made as well, with an easy-on-the-skin feel. the only (minor) drawback for me was that the available notches did not fit my wrist-size, so i had to create an additional one myself. but this does not detract from a justified purchase from my perspective.
love it. just as good as the standard apple watch sports band for a fraction of the price.
great deal! three watch bands for a reasonable price!  i felt they were as soft or softer than the band that came with my apple watch. they are a slightly more matte finish but didn’t prove a problem. love this deal!
these are awesome watch bands and i can’t tell the difference between these and my apple watch bands! very happy with my purchase and i will be buying more colors!
this watch band is the exact same color as the apple band that was sold out so i decided to give it a try. i’m so glad i did. it feels and looks just like the apple bands but is one fourth the price! i highly recommend these bands!
very flexible and comfortable... pretty color and looks like original design.... will definitely recommend and purchase again.
great band. bought this for my wife and she loves it. color matched the picture and the band is very similar in quality to the original apple band but much cheaper.
i love to change my watch band often. these  were priced nicely.  love the feel and the colors. fits my apple watch perfectly. you can’t go wrong with these bands.
these are so light and comfortable. they are a perfect dupe for apple in my opinion. i will be picking up more colors and if the same seller ever offers prints id be all over it! love.
don’t have any long term info on this but it’s basicallly exactly like the apple band. i needed a small and this is exactly what i thought. 💯
i love the bands for the price everybody gives me compliments i change a band for each day but when i got to the pink band it’s for a 38mm and my watch is 42mm so i was a bit upset
i own 6 colors of these straps for my  apple watch.  i cant tell the difference in quality from the one that came with my watch.  i like to change my watch strap and have different looks.  the quality of the band is great and that’s why i bought a few in different colors.  the price and quality are both great.  i highly recommend this silicone strap if you own and apple watch.
nice red that goes beautifully with explorer watch face.  only worn for a few days, but i expect it to be durable.  very comfortable.
i got a new apple watch and love to switch out watch bands.  i have a pretty small wrist and this fits fine.  light blue in color and easy to get on and off.
this bank is bright, and perfect. i have been wearing consistently for a few weeks and still looks new. i did order the smaller band, which was tight at first. in the end- i love it.
these watch bands look and feel great.  they are just as good as the apple equivalent and cost just a fraction of the apple price.
super impressed with these bands! i will continue to purchase additional colors as i can. high-quality, i feel like they are exactly like my original band from apple. highly recommend.
great looking and comfortable band to give me color options on my apple watch.  attachment was a breeze.  wearing it now.  loved the mint green color.
i purchased this as a gift for my daughter's 20th birthday so i haven't personally used it and i just gave it to her yesterday. it did arrive when it said it would and i've had no issues. my daughter loved the gift and the colors are true to the pictures. once she starts wearing them i'll have her add to this review.
the color was as expected.  the quality is excellent. i’ve purchased 4 different colors and love them all. the service was excellent. received them in 2 days.
cute band, soft silicon. the color is exactly the same as apple band. i still prefer the buckle strap bands. this can be very award to get on at first.
love it! so comfortable, size is highly adjustable for a perfect fit.  it is really easy to put on, secure & easy to switch out to match what i am wearing:)
i was looking for a cheap alternative to the apple brand bands and this was a great match. i like to change out my bands every week so i wanted a few different color options. they look just like the apple brand bands i have. the only difference is the material isnt as thick. they stay on really well and i would totally recommend.
so far so good, it looks nice, it feels comfortable. we'll see how it goes after i feel for a longer time period
for the price you can't tell the difference between an actually apple watch band from the apple store. i love having multiple color options to switch in and out, will probably buy a few more colors.
highly recommend these to anyone with an iwatch.  i did find these were slightly (not by much) thinner than the ones from apple but i actually prefer these.  i wish these came in a bright colors pack!!
awesome product! i received it quickly and if feels almost as sturdy as the wrist piece the watch actually came with. i will probably order more colors!
very good quality band for the price. fits well and is comfortable. color is good. i got the light pink.  may try more colors. hopefully it holds up well.
the band fits perfectly onto my apple series 1, 38mm watch.  i love the color... a very pale turquoise/light blue that is a good neutral color and the band is comfortable.  very happy with my purchase.
the watch band is good but a wee bit smaller than the original apple version. adequate for the purposes of golf and working out!
this was a great product!!! the only thing i made a mistake of....wearing my watch with this band and cliff jumping. guess my iwatch will remain in the french broad river. just wanted to warn people that this band is a fantastic and comfortable replacement but if you are crazy adventurous like me then please get a band with more security.
just as good as the apple bands. soft, secure, and fits well. i wouldn't call the one i bought as turquoise. it's definitely a robin's egg or baby blue.
this is a great watchband for my apple watch. it doesn't catch on anything and goes with everything.
i love love love these watch bands for my apple watch. they are slightly thinner than apple brand, but that’s what i like about them. i have only used one so far, but i noticed my wrist is less sweaty. it was very easy to change out. i got a great deal!
yeah legit. can’t differentiate this from my real (and much much more expensive) apple sport watch band. would recommend 10/10
i was surprisingly happy with this replacement band for my iwatch 2. it’s comparable to the original apple product and i’m happy with it.
feels a little more flexible than the iwatch band but works just fine for me. it is quite long as i wear it on the 2nd to the last hole.
great band.  i got it in white and it looks nice.  the precise fit and smooth feel of the band are excellent.  great quality and price!
just like the read deal. love them. i did have a skin reaction, but just washed all the bands with blue dawn and they have been fine since
great product! well worth the money! they fit perfect and each came in its own individual plastic ziplock bag so it was easy storage too! love all the color choices too!
love all the colors! there were no surprises and they look just as pictured. the price for these is great and the quality is just as good as the apple brand watch bands. i cannot even tell the difference between the two. i’ve used several colors out of the pack and they have all held up nicely.
love the band, can't tell the difference between apple's version. had it for 2 weeks so far, no complaints.
nice watch band at a good price.  slightly thinner than apple watch band, but very secure feeling and good quality.  i like the color choices too.
i like the fit, and it feels secure on my wrist and the watch. after a couple months wearing it, the nice matte finish is gone, and the band is very shiny in patches. my husbands apple brand one has not done this.
exactly what i was hoping for!  good quality, great colors!  easy to put on and take off. i’m already thinking about purchasing more colors.
fits my watch well (38mm), fits my wrist perfectly, and looks great. a great deal for the price.
great band. the color is solid and as expected. the band is actually a litter stiffer than expected but i love it. it feels like it's going to last a long time.
i debated whether or not i should buy this less expensive version of the watch band. i ended up buying it and am so glad i did. it is seriously the exact same as the pricier ones. amazing quality and very durable. love it!
seems to be the same quality as higher priced bands sold at retail stores. i was able to purchase 3 so far. i enjoy changing bands out to match my clothing.
just love it. finally got around to ordering it. love the color love how it feels. i’m allergic to so many watch bands. this bad feels fine. love the price too❤️
i personally prefer these bands over the original apple band. my skin started getting a rash from the apple one and for whatever reason the sizing of these bands fits my wrist better. the colors aren’t true to the color it says, for example the pink sand is a cotton candy pink & the mint is baby blue. that doesn’t bother me i still love the colors. overall i would totally recommend these.
received it quick! but the color is a little more “peachy” than it looks in the photo. i expected something a little more pink
the bands work perfectly for your watch.  looks the same as the original bad that came with the watch.
easily my favorite band i’ve purchased. the mint green is brighter than what is pictured and i actually prefer it. it’s better than i expected and the material feels just like the band that came from apple. great craftsmanship.
great band. closest thing i've found to the original apple band for a fraction of the cost.  i'll be ordering more in different colors.
love the super light teal color! i wear this band every day. has the slightest over hang at the bottom of my watch but nothing crazy that distracts me.
great replacement band, affordable, love the color! i’ll be ordering more colors, good quality
these are nice bands, really indistinguishable from the apple originals. color selection is perfect.
seems identical to the original apple watch band.  also doubles as a great cat toy! will be ordering another.
i'm able to change the bands quickly and easily. the locking mechanism feels very safe and secure. the bands are very comfortable and the band material does not irritate the skin. the bands look great on the wrist. the bands clean up with just a wipe of a cloth. no discoloration so far. i would highly recommend these bands.
i just received the two bands i ordered, and i’m very pleased! the colors are true to the picture ( li ordered pink sand and turquoise) and the bands look just like the original white one on my watch. the silicone feels exactly the same - the only difference is that the silicone isn’t quite as thick as the original, but it’s barely noticeable - hopefully they hold up well after use!
i've had this watch band for several months now. it is comfortable and has held up very well. it is easy to clean. best of all it is incredibly cheaper than the ones at apple.
great band- similar to one i got from apple but much cheaper. looks nice on. haven’t really tested durability but i would buy more colors for sure!
great bands that we all share to use with the original apple watch, as well as the series 3. can’t tell a difference in these & original apple ban
metal piece popped out as i was trying to put it on but i was able to snap it back together and it looks good
my original watch band was getting worn out. i use my watch daily for running and exercising so i needed a similar design as i find the buckled types don’t stay on as well. these look super nice and fit perfectly.
so far, so good. very similar to apple band. multiple colors. some say the red is really orange. i would say it is red with an orange tint. looks more red depending on lighting. seem to be good quality. would rather the latch post be the same color as the band.
i’ve ordered quite a few different kinds of these. of all the ones i’ve had i wouldn’t say this was the 100% best quality one i’ve had because it just in general doesn’t feel like the most quality material but it serves its purpose and it’s not broken or faded. i ordered one right before this from a different seller and it broke the second i put my hand on it.
great, inexpensive watch band that looks great on my apple watch!  i purchased it in 3 different colors i liked it so much.
it’s a nice utility band. i use it in place of my stainless steel band for cycling and golfing. nice price.  recommended.
nicely made- i really cannot tell a difference between this and the apple ones. i thought it may stain due to the light color and me working with ink, but it’s been great and kept it’s color!
watch band fit perfect. pale pink color is very pretty. i would order this product again.
extremely happy with this purchase, would recommend to family and friends, great quality and colors.
these are a great alternative to the expensive original apple watch bands! fun colors and good quality, they make your watch more fun to wear and that in turn makes you more aware of your steps, heart rate, etc!!!
i love this set for my apple watch. i’ve used them for a while and they are very durable! haven’t had any problems and the best thing is the price! definitely a must buy!
this band is very well made!  i have ordered several colors because they hold up so well and are affordable!
the watch band m/l fits perfectly on my large wrist. the colors are great and was packaged in individual sleeves. worth the price.
the photos on the site show it with two pegs, but to my delight it came with only one (like the original apple bands). the navy band makes my rose gold watch look kind of coppery. it’s awesome. it looks exactly like the real thing, and fits perfectly in the slots. great quality material. i’ll be ordering more!
great quality.  very difficult to differentiate between this one and the original apple watch band.  i love that i was able to find a 42mm band in a s/m.  up until now, i've only been able to use my 38mm bands on my 42mm watch.  will be buying more!
it fits my watch and is exactly as described .
these are easy to use, look good, very durable.  have used them constantly for 2 months now and they still look like new.
love these bands! the colors are true to picture, the teal band is more vibrant in person but i think that's a plus. all the colors are rich and look very high end. the bands are almost identical to the apple band that comes with the watch. they're slightly lighter weight, and longer than the actual apple band but nothing too noticeable. my only complaint would be that the band doesn't sit totally flush with the actual watch piece (but that's me nitpicking). i've owned these now for a few days now, i wear my watch 24/7 and they're very comfortable. overall i would say these are a great choice for someone who likes options and doesn't want to break the bank.
nice bands for my apple watch series 3. i like the 3 colors that i received and it is easily interchangeable with my outfits.
the white, pink, and black bands are these admaster for apple watch bands, while the grey one is the band that came from apple. as you can see, you cannot tell a difference. they fit well and are 100% worth the money. the band from apple is a little bit heavier, but there is no other difference. so much better to spend $16 for three bands than spending $50 a piece from apple for an identical one.
bought this band for my daughter’s watch and she loves it. the color is nicer than what it looks online.
nice band for the price.  fits the phone as expected.  my wife got a black and white one and is very happy.
i love having choices and this a great pack of apple watch bands! i couldn't tell the different between the silicon band i got with my apple watch and these.
they came individually packed with a soft plastic bag to keep them all together. quality and look was actually better than i expected. would totally buy it again and already recommended this to friends and families. i work with kids and they are constantly tugging my watch and so far it’s holding up.
fit the apple watch perfectly. easy to assemble. a little prone to attracting dust and dirt. overall, a great buy!
day two... fits fine, looks great, really enjoy the pebble color.  hope it holds up.  just a hair long but works.
these bands for my apple watch series 3 are fabulous and attached with the simple push of a button. they are very durable and very soft and comfortable to wear. love the fact they’re a fraction of the cost in what one watch band cost at other retailers! the colors are perfect! would definitely recommend this nice set. great quality.
i have purchase 5 colors, and all are worth the low price. will never pay full price for apple brand. these are identical.
i bought the ocean blue ( i think that was the name) anyways it was the perfect color. a little brighter than a navy blue. quality appears good. i bought the s/m and it fits great.
love this band.  it’s super soft and easy to close.  as easy as it is to clasp it, it stays together very well.  will definitely get other colors.
absolutely love the band! silicon is soft and flexible. very easy to put on and looks great! thank you!
totally loved all the colors!! best bands ever for my apple watch. so happy.
this is my favorite apple band. i love the denim blue color and goes with everything. i highly recommend this product!
great band - slightly brighter and richer than navy but still dark - like admaster bands a lot.
durable & price point is absolutely perfect! definitely beats buying from the actual store!
i was looking for something to hold my iphone and apple watch. the charging wires were always falling down off of my night table. this product takes care of everything, it looks attractive and is made very well. i highly recommend it!
i love these watch bands. they are comfortable and look great.  i have an average size wrist (female) and the small/medium size left only one remaining hole to adjust the band larger, which is fine, but i'd go with the med/lg if you're not sure. super easy to change out the bands and to fasten with one hand.
this band is exactly the same as oem from apple but for a fraction of the price. what a deal!
much thicker than most off-brand bands.  more similar to the apple product in terms of heft.  will purchase in other colors.
i really love the way this band looks, and it feels absolutely amazing!!!! would highly recommend!!
was hesitant to get the light pink band for my space grey watch, but i love the color combo! the band looks like it’s really high quality. my only complaint is the band is a little difficult to button on your own, but i’m sure it’ll be easier with some practice!
i was a little hesitant to buy these bands because i didn’t want the clasp being loose or not fitting the watch right. i’ve tried a few different colors now and all of the clasp aren’t loose at all and stay together like an apple watch band would. they fit in the watch perfectly. i’m really happy i got 8 different colors for less than one the cost of one apple watch band.
purchased these watch bands for my wife.  she absolutely loves them.  says much better than original!  highly recommend!!
this is a very nice band for the price. it is comfortable and fits my series 1 perfectly. i will most likely order another color before long.
got these as a gift for my wife.  seems to be almost exactly like the oem bands.  most importantly, my wife loves them.
love the watch bands. the colors are great and they fit just like the apple bands. the price was good too.
works awesome. great price. bright white. no problems at all. wear it everyday all day
my original apple band began after a year to cause a circle of nickel dermatitis. this band appears identical but is hyped as stainless steel with no nickel. after a week i have no dermatitis so i am hopeful. it is just as nice as the original band and of course much cheaper.
awesome watch bands! great quality. button clasp is great with no worries of unclasping. would love to buy more colors.
fits great.  doesn't lock in like the apple bands do  -  but doesn't seem to move much out of place.  looks like the apple bands.
great band. fit apple watch 3 perfectly. ordered another band and looking forward to ordering even more colors.
loved this set of watch bands. very comfortable material. i really like the color selections
i just received these band replacements. they seem nice. they feeling very slightly different than the apple brand bands. i paid $30 for all 8 colors though which seems like such a good deal. if i have an issue with these bands after some wear i will update my rating.
i love these watch bands for my apple watch. they fit perfectly just like the name brand. i love the versatility of all of the colors.
just as good as the apple band. bought this for my apple nike + watch 42 mm. fits and feels perfect
i love this white watch band. it appears to be great quality for an amazing price!
excellent watch bands for a great price. love being able to accessorize with outfits.
these bands are just as good if not better than the apple ones. the quality is amazing and the price is unbeatable. love these bands.
this is so comfortable. i love the pink sand color. it looks really nice with my apple watch. very happy with my purchase
feels just like the standard ones you get for 50 at the store. only complaint is that they don't fit quite perfectly into the grooves on my series 3 watch, though it's not bad enough for them to fall off or anything.
arrived on time, product is perfect - exact replica of the original apple product but without the apple symbol.  excellent value.  very happy.
the watch cover is nice. it fits my watch perfectly. i bought it to protect my watch and to change up my watch color a bit. i have the rose gold watch but i bought the silver cover. it covers all the rose gold except for the knob on the side but it’s hardly noticeable when you’re wearing the watch. it is a shinier silver than what the actual apple watch would be but it still looks good.
the color is as pictured and i've been wearing it for about a month now with no issue!
this worked really well, it feels quality and looks nice. will definitely consider buying more colors!
love these bands! great colors, perfect fit, very well made. great price too! very happy and highly recommended
love this band! color as shown.  same as the ‘official’ apple band you get in apple store at a fraction of the price!!
very happy with the quality of this, but really bummed about the color. the mint green in the photo is way lighter so that’s what i was expecting but it’s a lot darker in person. i emailed the company and they quickly got back to me to resolve the issue. very happy with their customer service
bought these for the wife, she’s happy now she can accessory for her clothing.
one should have all the colors for their collection. one small complaint though; it should have allowed picking a couple of color for diff. size (38mm). it would more sense if she can wear pink and other colors in size 38mm
love it just as described fits perfectly just like the apple product ones
this watchband fits very comfortably. i love the feel of it. the vibrant bright pink color is going to be super fun to wear for spring and summer. i would highly recommend buying this watchband.
i liked these so much i bought it in 4 colors. quick delivery and excellent product!
i use this as a half a band for astros colors. perfect color match!
7 out the 8 bands work perfectly. love the colors and quality :-) they look like the original ones!
really great quality and really worth for how much you have paid. i purchased this for my wife's apple watch series 3. the build quality was great, color is exactly the same as those photos. really cannot tell the differences when compare the original one from apple. my wife was really happy with that. ( that's the most important one, lol... )
ordered one for myself and one for my daughter and we love the color and quality. the strap is kinda long but it is hidden inside the band when it's worn so that works out okay. will order again from this company.
love tge variety and quality of tgese bands. very similar to the original apple bands at a much lower pricepoint. do recommed these bands as a cheaper alternative if you are looking for variety
easy to put on and it is a good fit. it’s comfortable, but likely not to fit a large wrist. there is no need spend so much money on an apple band!
i ordered the turquoise band which is a beautiful color, love it!!  awesome quality. fits great! highly recommend.
works perfectly. i’m allergic to most metals and this band is very comfortable for me.
i love this soft band; especially the unusual clasp.  i bought them because it is so humid in fl, but i like wearing them all of the time.
i am happy to review this silicone watch band.  so comfy and secure.  completely met my expectations.  i will be purchasing additional colors, for certain.
these are perfect! the black band is from apple ($50). the turquoise band is from amazon ($10). the only difference i have noticed is that the apple band has the 38mm size listed on the band but the turquoise band does not. i have bought one in each color and have had no problems!
just like the 50 dollar version!  i am very pleased with this purchase.  i haven't had any rash issues at all.
just as good as the more expensive ones in store. great color choices my husband and i were both able to pick out colors we liked from the set.
love this band! it’s just as comfortable, sleek, and good quality as the expensive af apple branded bands. you really can’t beat it for the price. i highly recommend getting this if you’re looking to switch up colors for your daily band or just looking to replace an old one. overall, it’s a really nice band!
great price for a really nice band.  i've been wearing this a few days now.  i prefer the fit and feel of this one over the apple band.  this one is a just a little more sleek which makes wearing a little more comfortable.  i forget i'm even wearing it.  very nice pick color, i love it.  i will be purchasing more in other colors.
nice color, i like this pink.
good quality- a real value for the price.  cant tell the difference between my apple band and these. nice colors!
item came quickly, band is very similar to apple brand. this is day one so hopefully this item will stay a 5 star item in my book. i look forward to purchasing new colors.
pretty much identical to the apple brand bands–i'm really happy with these!
these bands are great. easy to change out and are good quality. i highly recommend purchasing.
i love these bands and will continue to buy more colors. i have three so far and really like the fit.
nice “apple” watch band.  great price, so u can change the color often
i love them! they are colorful and comfortable. they each come in their own bag so they can stay fresh.
i wasn’t sure how the color will be before i got it. but when i got it really love it.
exactly what i expected! great color ..i have many colors .. never a problem!
very happy with it can’t tell the difference from my apple original watch band
better then the $40 watch band sold by apple! it’s softer on the wrist but otherwise you wouldn’t notice a difference
i was about to purchase the apple bands for $50 a piece.. im so glad glad i didn’t. i like to change up my colors often.. these bands are so very soft and comfortable.. softer than the apple band. great colors. the first order arrived with a broke piece.. they refunded my money right away and shipped me a new one. can’t beat the price . great bands 5 stars
great deal. just as nice as the band that came with the watch. small enough to fit my daughter's wrist.
bought these for my daughter. love the colors. true to the picture.
this product was exactly as advertised.  quality product as good as the strap that came with my watch fromapple.
love this band! beautiful color and so easy to install. very fast shipping.
this is one of the best deals on amazon! these watch bands fit my apple 2 watch perfectly and look great! they seem to be very well made also.
i reordered after not receiving the first one. i am happy with it. fits great and feels good on my wrist.
bald are pretty colors and size is dead on. very pleased with them
great band. i have been spending money on apple watch bands for 2 years and this one here is much cheaper and almost the same quality.
fits great and appears to be the same quality as the band that came with my original watch. great price too!
arrived on time and exactly what i expected except it's as soft as i hope it to be. otherwise, it is great.
this is a beautiful color. i've worn it, daily, for 3 months. great quality.
i wish i would have gotten the small/medium size. in the past i’ve always had to get the bigger size but these seem to run a little big. i wish there was something to keep the excess band down rather than sticking out. now i’m having to be much more careful and aware of my watch. otherwise i love the colors and the texture.
good price and you can't tell the difference between oem
nice item, but not the nice rose gold of the true apple watch band
just like apple band but much cheaper. long enough. comfortable
enjoy this band. great quality for a great price.
these are great quality and last a long time. they don't get dirty or fade. will purchase again!
love my new pink band. it is just a soft is the one that came with the original apple watch
love the color! the bands look just like the picture. so far i’ve had no problems with them, they fit my apple watch perfectly.
an excellent deal in terms of price. although i saw what i was purchasing i would have wished for more gender specific colors. too many pastels for me, i am 70 years old and male.
i love it, i actually could have went with a smaller size but i love that it has so many size options. great material and color!
bands are great. love the colors too. going to have to look to see if there are more color options.
they are pretty colors and arrived in a very timely matter. definitely a greater value than purchasing separately.
great quality and price! now i can easily change the look of my apple watch 3😊
they work great.  i’ve ordered two sets so far
great alternative band to the $50 band in the apple store. i ordered a s/m for a 38 apple watch and the band fits snug into the grooves, and doesn’t budge!!!! easy to clean too.
a wonderful change of color and super comfortable!!
anytime i’m wearing white i put this band on very comfortable and my suggestion is to get a medium i think i bought a large and it’s kind of big
very comfortable-size is perfect and fit is on par with the original apple watch band. i wish the color were a bit more turquoise and less gray though. it’s more grayquoise.
love the softness of the band. fits perfectly and very comfortable. will recommend to friends!
fantastic - fits perfect and works extremely well!
the band fits very well and the color is great!  i could not wear it for a few days due to an odor the band had.  i had to wash it and air it out!!
exactly what i was looking for. perfect fit and love the color.
i love them. they are well made and comfortable. wish a purple one was included.
material feels just like apple’s original and the colors are wonderful
i absolutely love this band.  thankfully, the band didn’t have that horrible rubber smell when i first got it. it smelled just fine. it looks beautiful and clean. i would definitely recommend it.
i like this replacement band way better then the apple bands that come with the watch. i highly recommend these durable bands.
absolutely love my band. i was very iffy about purchasing it due to the reviews but, it was so cheap i had to! fits perfectly, beautiful fall color, and also thinner than the original band but you can barely notice. unlike the reviews, my skin has not reacted to the band. definitely worth your money, will be purchasing more colors.
ordered these for my daughter.  after having her watch for over a year and never wearing it she is finally wearing it daily.  she loves it!
works as expected. holds the watch perfectly.
i had been looking for a pink band that was not too pink.  this one has a neutral hue to it that makes it look good on any skin tone and looks great with any color clothing. it is exactly what i wanted!  also, it looks just like the band you would get in the apple store but it is a fraction of the price.
looks super cute with my 38mm rose gold apple watch (series 3 if that matters), no complaints. arrived quickly and is very comfortable and fits well.
fits perfect and is a very good neutral color! goes well with my rose gold.
the band is comfortable and i love the colors it comes in. i will order more.
can’t even tell a difference between this one and one from apple. great buy!
i bought these as a birthday gift for my daughter and she loved them!  they're soft and smooth to the touch.  the colors are as seen and they have the availability to adjust to fit.  i will definitely be getting more colors from this company.
looks fine and is seemingly good material but there is no holder for the end of the band so it just hangs out and gets caught on things/shirts. not bad for the price paid though.
this reasonably priced band is comparable to the apple branded version in all respects.
by far my favorite band, and i've gone through a lot of bands
love this watch! i swapped it out for my standar black band issued by apple! love
love these!!!  they come in great colors and are exactly like the one that comes with the watch.
wife likes to have options and these bands solve that problem.
love it...all is wonderful and the fit is great
it arrived quickly. i have the darker metal face so the white band took a day to get used to but now i live it. has not yellowed with use of lotion or arm sweat for the few weeks i have had it. i hope it does not at all.
i love this band!!! it is an amazing value for the price! it is almost identical to the band that came with the apple watch! easy to attach and closes perfectly  i ordered the 38 mm white small.i plan to order more.
i been waiting to find a good replacement for my watch, and i have no complaints these bands do the job. and now i have style
fits great and it has lasted through me swimming and running all the time! love how it goes with my pink apple watch too.
these watch bands are a huge surprise. although the bands are slightly thinner than the original band, they still fit securely. love all of the colors. will be ordering these for gifts!
nice bands in a good assortment of colors that i will actually wear, cheaper than buying them individually.
good quality, pretty color, very soft plastic which helps with comfort. i plan to buy additional colors.
it's a beautiful band for my apple watch, perfect for summer.
great price for a very nice watch band for my apple watch.  i would recommend it.
live love love them. ordering more colors!
your watch bands are very good quality & look just like the apple bands-just not as expensive & a little thinner. i also like your colors-true to the photo. please offer in gold, medium yellow & violet purple.
just like the apple brand but better bc these cost way less!! i’ve only worn them a couple times so it’s hard to judge quality on the length of time but for the price, they hold up very well so far
love these bands, they exceeded my expectations. i love switching them out daily.
this is super pretty. the clasp is super sturdy. and the price was super low.
love this band! it looks just like the real thing, but way cheaper!
this band is perfect for my new watch and so much fun.  it is very easy to put on and looks great.
great band great price looks and feels just like the bands i have from apple
love this watchband!  the color looks great with my rose gold watch.  also when working in the yard it doesn't show the dirt but it wipes clean easily.
just like apple watch band but at 25% the cost. very nice and just as advertised. will reorder as needed.
came as promised. looks as good as the apple bands at a fraction of the cost
as pictured :)
these bands are sturdy, well made and have a color for every situation.
very comfortable - just like my original apple watch band - and great colors.
my sister loves it. the band is more durable and longer than the original band. and, she loves the different colors.
love these bands.  they are just like the one that came with my apple watch.  i love being able to coordinate my watch band with what i'm wearing.
not as thick as others, but it’s ok for the price.
great product. good quality. very similar to the original. highly recommend it.
perfect fit and color loves these and so much less expensive than same ones from apple!
i love this band so much! i can't tell the difference between the original and this product. i am going to buy so many more! thanks seller
fits snuggly into the apple watch when changing the band and is a little longer than apple brand bands, but great quality and great price. love the color!
great buy. quality bands. easy on/off install. cool colors. my wife wanted them & loves them. k
i love it. exceeds expectations. great seller. prompt and no nonsense. thank you! this is my 2nd band and i would recommend this product. i was skeptical at first but glad i tried it.
i love it. highly recommended and is super comfortable.
fits the apple watch perfect. no difference between the original and this one. color (pebble) seems a shade more tan than grey compared to pic but still nice.
good quality band however the color is slightly different than pictured.
i love this band for my apple watch series 3! i have the silicone band that came with my apple watch and i can't find any differences in looks or quality between this one and the original. they both work the same and have the same features. however, the difference in price was huge! i plan to order a few more in different colors!
met all my expectations, good quality, fixed perfectly and l love how looks. 100% recommend
got a small for my tiny wrists. i love it. works great. want to buy other colors
the colors were beautiful. the watch fit just like an iwatch should.
color was a little lighter than expected but overall it works and looks great!
great purchase excellent bands arrived quickly and so much like true apple bands very pleased would purchase again
exactly as presented. a nice, fun, and economical way to color coordinate.
fits perfectly and works as per description.
i love the product. very colorful and well designed apple watch bands. i have received many compliments about them.
arrived quickly and in excellent condition. the band fits my apple iwatch perfectly and is just like it was pictured. i liked it so much that i ordered another one in black to replace a band i had purchased a couple years ago. i like this brand better.
i bought the midnight blue. color is slightly lighter than the picture. confortable to wear. overall, i’m pleased with my purchase.
looks great .. seems like nice quality.  not too thin and very soft.  worth the money.  will buy another color soon
the material of the watchband was not what i was used to. i thought it would be more like the original band from apple. if you're okay with having the watch face a different color than the band, then i would recommend this band. i personally don't like the look of 2 different colors.
this band is just like the apple watch band. i love that they have sizes because i have really small wrists and these for great. i have the white and navy blue band and will be buying more.
sleek look and fit! i swim 3 days a week, and its holding up great in the chlorinated water. i see no reason to spend way more on the expensive silicone bands on the apple site.
like them a lot! i wear them for school and gym.
the quality of this watch ⌚️ band is superior and comfort
fast shipping love the band thank you
products seem to work well and appear of good quality.
product quality is pretty good. i’ve had the white one for a few weeks now. one of my only complaints is that the metal button that pokes through the hole is starting to leave some orangish residue in the hole i normally pop it through, which can mostly be wiped off. oh well, better than paying $50 for apple’s.
great band, easy to take off/on, as well as attach. can't tell the difference between my original apple band and this!
i love this band.  its soft, comfortable and feels nice on.  looks good too.
nice colors, nice material and super price
i love this band!  i have purchased several different bands and this is the only brand that actually feels like the apple brand.  i love the barbie pink color too!
nice colors and fit perfectly on my watch.  colors are true to pictures and the size for my 42mm watch in small/medium worked just fine on my wrist.  looks like a quality product.
love the bright white and it seems easy to clean.  i am an average woman of average stature, ordered a s/m and need to use the very last hole.  also the side with the holes is slightly larger that the 38mm watch, with he prong section fitting perfectly.
seems strong and durable. easy to attach to the watch
fits perfect, perfect quality, looks just like the real apple band. i got the mint green one and it’s such a pretty color. i’ll buy more colors!
been a month and works fine. doesn’t give rash or anything
very pleased with this band
i love it!! it was very easy to replace my old one. i loved it so much that i ordered another 4 so i can changed it with the different outfit and seasons ❤️
very nice band. it’s super soft and  fits great!
just as good as the apple brand bands for a fraction of the cost.
very nice band. attractive color and more feminine than the black one.
i bought two of these watch bands to change out the bands on my apple 3 watch. they are as good of quality as the apple watch band that came with the watch. i highly recommend them.
just what i was looking for. fun color, fits good and great price.
this apple watch band was exactly what we wanted.  perfect.
feels 95% like an apple band at a fraction of the price.  recommended.
this band is just as good as the oem. only noticeable difference is the middle button on the clasp peice is plastic not metal and this point it hasn’t made a difference.
i really like this band. it fits perfectly and is very comfortable so i bought two more different colors.
i’m obsessed with these! they are the closest i’ve found to the original apple bands!
decent bands for a great price.
closest to an actual apple band i’ve found. i absolutely love the sand color
i love the fit of this band. it fits me much better than the more expensive apple brand bands.
i got this as a replacement for my apple band after our puppy ate the band. it looks and feels basically the same as the apple band. i've had it for over a month and haven't had any problems with it rusting or coming loose.
great price, exactly the color i was looking for, and the band fits perfect. i actually like it better than the band that came with my apple watch.
love the sleek look.  easy to change out.  inexpensive. ideal. thanks!
inexpensive alternative to the real thing !
this band is comfy, fits well and the color is nice - just as pictured.
love this light pink! great band, just like the apple but a way better price!
love this band.  it is so comfortable.
i'll definetely get different colors!!
bought for husband. he states is similar like the original and can’t tell the difference. wears it daily, very durable.
i really like my replacement watchbands. they are almost identical to the same version that apple sells. they are easy to change and love the soft feel! i got 3 different colors and same quality as apple, for a third of the price of one apple replacement band.
love the color. fits great!
great bands the fitment was right on gor a large wrist
i love this band! it fits the watch perfectly and gives you confidence that the watch will not fall off! will order again in another color!
bought these for my wife... she is very happy with themand enjoys being able to coordinate colors with her clothes.
i love it! the color looks even better in person
love the pop of color this band offers. it’s just as durable and of quality of an apple band but a fraction of the price.
loved these watch bands!!!
just like the original, excellente!
i saw a rose gold watch on display with a white band at the apple store and loved the look. wasn’t about to pay them $49 so i went on amazon and found this. i can’t tell the difference at all! i did a side by side of a genuine apple band and this product. can you tell the difference? absolutely love that i got the look of a $49 product for $7.99! will be back for more colours
i bought this band for my iwatch to replace my original band. the quality of the band is thick and durable. i love the color!
delivered on time. fit and look as represented. very happy
these bands feel really soft. they are a tad bit thinner than the original apple bands but it’s slightly i can barely feel the difference on my wrist. the colors are beautiful and exactly what is shown in the photos. wish the clasp was a space gray color but i’ll live (:
very nice and seems to be good quality. love the color.
great authentic band...feels great!
love this band. loved it so much i ordered 2 more.
its a perfect fit! i like this band because its a lot like the factory band that comes with the watch. i ordered the m/l. i do have to wear it at the last hole for my wrist but it fits perfectly for me.
i ordered this for my fiance. he was very happy with the product. likes it as much as the origanal coffee colored band that came with his watch. great quality!
worth it! bands look like the original. not as flexible, but hey the price is worth it.
good item, good price. will probably buy more in other colors later!
loved this band! it is easy to put on once you play with it a minute. it’s so soft and comfortable and my skin doesn’t get hot and sweaty underneath the band. i’ve only been wearing it for a few weeks but it has never come off on accident. want to get several more colors.
absolutely love my new band! i previously ordered from another company and the band was terrible... paper paper thin. so happy with my band i order from zyra. going to order more within the next couple of day’s. i told my friends that have apple watches too about these bands. love them! so happy with my order from them!
love all the choices of colors that come with this set.  i change my band like jewelry.
good quality replacement band for the iwatch.
looks and feels great!
looks nice and fits well. feels like the band that came with the watch.
this was a birthday gift for a granddaughter. yes she liked it.
great quality!. exactly what i was looking for.
this is a lovely replacement for my original apple watchband. so far very sturdy
i like this watch band, but i ordered the wrong size.  for $7.99, it's not bad, i can just get another one!
thumbs up--product is functional and appearance as advertised.
perfect! great quality!
love the colors and they are great
love it! great color, great feel/fit.
perfect for my apple watch! excellent price, great deal!
i love the white color. it goes with everything.
same as original apple silicone watch
it’s super great for the price. it looks like the original apple bands and also a good material. my only complaint would be putting it on. the holes are a bit tight but i’m super it’ll stretch out eventually. other than that, it’s great.
just what i wanted
very soft and cute! love the color and feel of this band
great product-great fit.good product and timely receipt.
i can coordinate with outfits! great quality- can’t tell the difference between this product or apple! thanks! will definitely order from you again!
the only thing i don’t like about this band is the excess can’t be tucked in
love the color,so far looks and feels the same as the apple brand bands i have.
nice and fit well
great band - as described and works great with my apple 3 watch
the latch is secure just as in the original.  very easy to interchange and i love all the colors!
they arrived as expected. very happy with them. good quality.
fits watch, as described, nice minty color
this is a good general use band. it is a good value for the price. the only complaint i have is that sometimes the hole snaps off when you are putting the band on your arm.
nice pick!  great quality for the price!
softness and comfort
i love it, i love the color, it feels good on you and it’s nkce and tight.
compared to my two real apple bands these are just as high quality and comfortable and the band stays closed and is easy to change out colors!
i love the bands.  they work perfect for my apple watch and the colors i love being able to wear with different things.
i think it’s wonderful and it fits perfectly!  my wife is very happy with it. thank you guys
just the right size and color.
great price!  material is soft and wears very comfortably on my wrist.
these are amazing ! if someone told me i’d feel like these where just as good as the original ones. if not better. i’m going to buy a lot more colors. thanks ! fits perfect on my new series 4 44 mm.
there awesome 👏🏾 they feel and look exactly like the original ones. would buy them again god bless
so easy to switch colored bands. great quality and colors.
comfortable and durable
these are great quality and great colors. i would recommend them for sure.
yes arrived my daughter loves it!! and works very well...
great band.  fits and feels great.
wonderful watch band! i plan on buying more for myself and my husband. it is very soft to touch and seems very durable. i would say equivalent if not better then the similar watch bands at the store and significantly less!
i love this band! i almost like the texture and material of this band better than the actual apple bands!
super comfortable and soft. happy with is so far!
great band. no issue so far.
match your outfit
better than expected! great quality
works perfectly with iwatch3. hardly tell them apart from the one that came with watch. some people are saying they are thinner than original band...maybe, but if so it is hardly noticeable. if you liked your original band, you will like these too.
this watch band is better than i expected! i love it and plan on ordering more. it is very comfortable and good quality. would definitely recommend.
i ordered a 3 pack of pink, black, and white bands.  these bands are great quality.  they seem to be the same quality as the watch band that came with the apple watch.  i recommend and intend to buy more colors.
good quality
great purchase! watch band is how described. the light pink color is a lovely shade of pink. the fit of the band is similar to the original band that came with my iwatch. this is a great buy for people that like to change their bands regularly.
looks great, easy to install. i love it!!
really recommended this package, all the colors are great!
highly recommend these bands. they are true to size compared to the apple band and the colors are as you see in the picture. easy on and easy off. the only complaint is that some of the bands have a strong chemical smell but it goes away after one time of wearing it. i still give them 5 stars.
really cute color and very durable.
looks and feels great! will buy again from them.
while the color on the product picture is a lot less vibrant than it actually is i still like it. i was expencting a lighter mint green instead of a tiffany blue. nonetheless still cute and fits perfectly.
great item!  the bands fit my watch perfectly!  no issue at all with them locking into place!  will definitely be back for more!
this is a great band for a great price. it looks and feels like the original apple band ! love it. the white has stayed super white too.
arrived on time. product as shown. comperable to the bands that come with the watch from apple. will order again.
love it!! i’ve been looking for this color locally and couldn’t find it and i’m so happy i found this one!! feels and works just like the bands by apple that cost way more!! definitely will order again!! amazing shipping and item arrived 2 days after i placed my order!! love it!
it was for my daughter in law and i believe she was very pleased. thank you
bought for a friend. not able to review.
i really do appreciate the color it is true.
doesnt feel like apple, watch band however it does look like it!
i ordered 2 of the admaster bands, one black and one white.  however the white band was not in the shipment.  i am getting a refund.  however, i ordered the band at $9.99 and the next day it is now $8.49.  then i checked again and it is now at a lower reduced price.  not sure if that is amazon or the manufacturer.
this watch band is perfect!  light, bright and makes my watch pop.  not one thing i can say dissatisfied about right now.
very nice band. sturdy, good quality.
it’s great. looks how i expected.
i loved this band for my watch. i ordered in 3 different colors. i was skeptical because how cheap the price was but i was wrong! they are so comfortable and durable!!!!!!
nicely made and good color selection, slightly thinner than original apple bands but not noticeable in everyday use, would buy again
love the colors goes with all my outfits.
fits my watch and wrist as expected... however the color is not the pink i was looking for. it’s more of a fleshy peach color.
beautiful,comfortable and it looks just like the one at the apple store
i absolutely love these bands for my apple watch! the colors of the bands are true to the pictures and they fit my apple watch perfectly. i like to change things up and these allow me to match my watch to my outfits.
as i expected. fast delivery.
loved the blue band; the red is too orange for my taste and i have returned it.
perfect and i bought another one for a family member.
quick response.  color and ease of wear are​ good.  doesn't fit the watch head as tightly as i thought it should.
love this band. i have every color that apple carries at the store and this one is my new favorite. it is thinner but it’s not noticeably different than my other ones. it’s soft and flexible as well. would definitely recommend.
love the color and the fit! thanks
jus as described thxs
this band worked well with my apple watch. i’ve had no issues and it has held up great! i recommend!
for perfect
love the color!!! nice band...
i'm so happy i ordered bands from here! i was hesitant at first but i'm so happy with the pale pink and mint bands. and i actually like the way they feel even more than my apple band (not so rubbery feeling).
soft band to wear- love it!
love these bands! mixing and matching the colors to my outfit has been fun :)
great color, fits my watch perfectly
very nice band. looks like the apple band. i ordered the white one and am very happy with it. easy to put on and fits well.
great bands
looks good
amazing!! they are super soft and look extremely well.
so far so good! cute color too
very comfortable. very similar to apple original band.
it's literally the same band as the ones apple would sell inside their store but so much more affordable!! i love it!! it's the perfect amount of white.
great material, and awesome color to match every apple watch
these are great, i can change my watch to go with my outfit.
bought these for a fashion change up with my apple watch. very glad i did because i like the colors and the material it’s made of.
this band fits perfect for the size i bought (38 mm, m/l). i absolutely love it, and the color is great.
i like the durability of the band. but, i dislike the fact that the bands are a lil too big for my wrist.
comfortable, just like the band my watch came with.
beautiful and so smooth!  perfect for my skin tone.
fits great looks great great price
i love the color of the mint one!!! i also think the quality is the exact same as my apple one.
great quality, fast ship. incredibly happy with the product would highly recommend.
have only used a couple of times but the quality seems decent for the price. ordered additional in other colors.
feels just like the band that comes with the watch at a fraction of the cost. the color is beautiful and i am obsessed! i will definitely be ordering more!
love these. great price and quality!
love the color and fits great!
fits
so far so good!  i have not tried all of them yet to make sure they work properly, but the ones i’ve worn have been great.
love it!
i'm very happy with this purchase.  i was about to purchase this from apple for $49 but decided to try out this cheaper one.  i'm so glad that i did!  i saved a lot of money, and this product looks and feels similar to the apple brand.
great price. nice soft material.
great quality and value.  i have loved having different colors to change out with my wardrobe every day.  i only wish they had a gray instead of two red's or two light blue.
better than expected, looks great, feels great!
she likes this. nicr color exactly as per photo. good quality. fits perfectly.
great replacement bands!  just what i was looking for!  fit perfect!
good band, similar to stock one. midnight blue color looks great and the band is easy to put on with one hand. one complaint i have is that the metal clasp at first irritated my skin, and the clasp also would become undone when putting it on because it wouldn’t go in all the way. these problems have gone away from continued use.
fits my apple 2 watch perfectly! love the color..
item fits, looks and feels just like the apple branded bands.
i received my new band promptly.  it attaches perfectly to my apple watch.  i love being able to switch bands to coordinate with outfits.
fits perfectly and looks just like the actual apple watch bands!!
it’s really good one though bit pricy
great product.  not overly thin like others.  so satisfied with this one, i bought one for my son who really loved the color.
truth is this is the first time buying on amazon. the product arrived to my home. i love to be able to mix and match my watch bands. the fit was perfect for my apple watch series 3, 42 mm. it was comparable to the apple size m/l.  i wish they made bright colors like orange, yellow and some neons.  i would definitely buy them.
this band is just like my apple watch band that i received when i bought my apple watch! the color looks great too!! i am so happy i purchased this!! great product and very great price. i can't wait to order another color!!
love these...use them everyday!!
these bands are very similar to authentic apple bands, same weight and texture and does not appear cheap in any way.  a great buy i. any color!
looks great with watch and is good quality. definitely recommend!
good price for the quantity
great buy on these watch bands. i love being able to change them to match my clothes for the day.
love it
colors are great, band was a little longer than i expected.
great hot pink color...  good fit on new apple watch
very versatile, i am now able to change my watch band to go with my outfit.
i love the pink sand color i bought, it goes really well with my rose gold 1st gen 42mm. i’ve purchased other non-apple silicone bands in the past & this one is very soft compared to those, which is great. no sharp edges, very pliable. i did not rate it 5 stars though bc for some reason it is a bit of a dust magnet, fine particles & hair keep getting attracted to it, which is odd. also, it was a bit tough getting it to snap closed, not as easy as an actual apple band, you really have to push. i have a fairly small wrist, 6” & i had to use the 4th hole & it’s pretty snug, i feel this is not in line with the apple bands, where i wear it a little loose on the 3rd. so the band does seem to run small.
lovely new band fore the apple watch 3!
i loved the color
great band for a great price! love the option to change colors.
good
fits great. very soft.  great product.
fit my watch perfectly, my daughter and i share bands and she also loves these, would buy again!
love it
beautiful colors.  great quality.  worth every penny.  thanks!
i can change my band to match my outfits now
very comfortable!
fits a little bigger than expected and a little thinner than the apple watch brand; however, still great!
they are good quality for an affordable price
great quality and fit
great quality
came as expected in perfect condition.  great color band.  after 2 weeks of wear and tear band is good as new.  flexible, no cracks noticed, no nicks.
my 14 yr old wanted a new band for her watch. she loves it!! looks great and she is over the moon in love with it!
received items very quickly and exactly as advertised. love them.
fits and functions as expected.
love the color and fits great
perfect fit...looks great.
better fo apple stor
very good item. fast service
super cheap price but has great quality. basically the exact same quality as an actual apple watch band (i bought a pink sand 38mm band from here). i am very satisfied with my purchase and will be sure to revisit if i want another color.
it was a good value
i love my bands! they are easy to change out and i love the different colors!
color is great fits my apple watch 2 very comfortable band
great for the money, it fits just like the original straps.
nice band and comes in lots of color choices
great quality for the price.
they are perfect  i will order more of them.  fast shipping , great price
these are identical to the band that came with my watch.  easy to change out on a moment's notice.
great quality for the price!
smart choice for an apple watch owner. indistinguishable in every way from the brand name.
beautiful color for a great price.
great watch band almost identical to the one from the apple store but much better value
great and nice color
the product size is right, it is just as soft as you expect, and i don’t think i’d be able to tell it apart from the actual apple band. i would definitely buy again.
i love this quality band.
these bands are great colors and very comfortable.
nice clean looking white band, high quality and fits perfectly
very good quality. has a good fit.
as expected
love this! ordered two more colors.
awesome product. i plan on buying every color there is. thanks for the fast shipping and wonderful product.
this band fits perfectly into my apple watch.. i have only ever used apple product bands and am so pleased with the quality for the little price!! definitely will be buying more!
fit great looks great. very recommended
nice band....  can't tell that it is not apple
love it!
very easy to install. feels sturdy like it will be less likely to break like other fashion or sports bands. super comfortable and easy to take off and on instead of a buckle. it’s early days in use or i would have given a 5.
perfect fit and color!  will order again
fits great. love the color. meets expectations
perfectas
as good as oem
fits perfectly and shipped quickly!
these are great! great price for a lot of colors and the quality is great.
love the color and quality!
very nice quality !
love it its just like a apple band but at a great price
i bought this for my niece birthday. she loves it, and loves the color.
color was a little bright!!  but it looks good!
very easy to take on and off and just like the band the watch came with.
its perfect.
awesome
got my order quickly which was awesome. each band has its own bag i can put it in for storage purposes. they band is very comfortable and easy to put on and even adjust. it is very easy to clean as well!!! (i work in healthcare so it takes a lot of )
i purchased the “pebble” and “white”. both are great! i have seen some non apple brand watch straps that are slightly shiny, these are not. once on your wrist you cannot tell they aren’t made by apple. definitely a great option for much cheaper.
i ordered this strap recently, have been wearing it everyday since a week. have not seen any fading or any other damage yet, is comfortable to wear. will update if anything shows. i ordered two more colors.
liked the colors
thanks great product and quick shipping
smooth transaction.  product is exactly as advertised.
works great with apple watch. love them.
this band is so cute! i love it so much, i would have given five stars, the only reason i gave it four is because if you pull a little too hard the band will slide right out of the clip on the side of the watch, it doesn’t completely latch correctly.... otherwise great product!
sturdy and looks like original
love the look and feel.  will be ordering more colors.
it does itch your skin a little. besides that it’s a good product considering the price.
i was hesitant that the price would mean this would be a piece of crap, but it’s actually a great watch band. i got the turquoise and it’s really pretty!! 5 stars!
very good
love this product. exactly the color i wanted!! so happy that the apple store was out of stock and made me turn to amazon!!
looks great and wears good.
very pleased with this purchase. these bands area little thinner then the silicone band that came with the apple watch. still fits great. 8 different colors. definitely recommend them.
love all the colors. feels almost like the apple ones and more than half of the price. can’t go wrong with these bands!
the fit was perfect, i love the color, and it arrived on time. the silicone material was a little thinner than the apple watch original band but this was not a problem for me.
awesome!!!
love them. great quality and versatility
great band, nice color and snap is very secure
i use these and switch em out everyday because the colors match most of my outfits!!
looks great. great price too!
great price and easy to change. i'm glad i have different color bands for my iwatch to coordinate with different outfits. thanks!
the bands look and feel just like the bands that are $49 at the apple store. color is accurate to pictures and very happy with my purchase!
nice band, can’t tell a difference between this on and apple.  will definitely purchase more. 👍🏻
good
great bands!
love it and the price very good
love the colors and the price! feels just like the original band too!
excellent quality for the price. now i have enough colors for every outfit without breaking the bank!
great item, exceptional service, super fast shipping.... very satisfied
such a nice material and fits very well. arrived very quickly
i wish i would have ordered a size smaller - but i love it.
great product
works great!! good price and you have a different color watch band to wear!!
good band for reasonable price!
i love my new watchbands, they are so soft and the colors go with everything.  they were reasonable in price too.  wish i had ordered them when i first got my watch.
great quality highly recommended
this band is great!!! feels just like the apple band. love it
the product came as expected. it arrived in the mail shortly after ordering it. good quality and is very comfortable.
came on time and i am very pleased with it.  it comes with only one size band.  some others come with two sizes
fits great
perfect, but definitely feels thinner (thickness of material) than the apple bands. i guess that can be a good or bad thing, but i like it.
secure fit. nice color
color is spot on. matches well with my grey watch face. snaps closed pretty tight.
great bands, very satisfied with them, colors are really nice! love
these are great and so easy to change out! i can mix and match anytime! love them!
very nice band, highly recommended
love my watch band and was exactly like the one that came with my watch from apple.  highly recommend purchasing from them. came quickly and as described. will be purchasing a few more so i can change up the colors. was so easy to change the band and i love the price. happy customer.
looks great. the fit of the strap with the watch could be a bit more smug but can't complain.
the only reason i am giving this 4 stars instead of 5 is because my dusty pink band came with a few black marks on it. however, the other 7 bands are fantastic!! such a good deal for all of these bands and they feel exactly like the ones you buy from the apple store.
ive only worn a couple times but so far these seem just like the original band that came with the watch. good value for the product, i would recommend these
perfect
such a great product
great price and quality
comfortable. fits better than the original band that came with the watch.
my husband loves it! it has been worn for 1 week, consecutively and so, no issues.
they look sooo beautiful and i love the material it's nice and soft. i love them, i got the blue, white, and rose gold pack and they look amazingly amazing. i'll be ordering the black one next :d
bought these so that i could match my watch to my scrubs and i love them.  colors are exactly as shown and they are very durable.
love everyone of them.  the colors are nice and the fit is just right.  definitely recommend
love it. great fit and it works perfect with my apple watch!
love all the colors! fits perfect i went with the s/m. love the bag it came in including all individual bags for each band.
hard to get on your wrist but so comfortable and stays put once you do.
love the quality! just like the apple brand
very happy with my purchase! i have always wanted a navy blue band. it’s really nice and fits just as my original apple band does. high quality and fast delivery. will certainly buy other colors!
there bands are of good color and good quality
easy to keep clean and super comfortable. it’s my favorite band for my iwatch.
fits well with the watch and feels exactly like the apple band that came with it, but for $40 dollars less. well worth it!
these are a little thinner than the apple band, but fit nice. i just wish i’d had the option to have the closing hardware match my rose gold watch. so far so good.
pretty good quality its like the original.
i really like this band. it has held up very well for me in the past few months. even though it’s not an apple product, i feel that it is very compatible with my iwatch. i’ve never had any issues with it!
they fit and are just as comfortable as the band my watch came with. love these colors.
great quality! after i received my first one i went back and ordered more in different colors!
great selection of colors, decent quality, great price.
nice
my daughter liked it,and she's very picky. was pleased with the product.
loved the quality, perfect size, excellent color and amazing price! you need to get one!
nice quality. fast shipping. bought these as a gift after my daughter noticed mine. she has already received many compliments.
very soft and pliable.  size was as expected.  color as expected from item picture.  ordering several more!
great watchstrap . super fast shipping !
way better option than buying the expensive apple bands. feels just like the real deal at a super great price. love love love. seriously buy this. i think i’ll be getting more colors :p
they seem to be exactly as the original
very cute and versatile; the color is not over powering and is almost neutral... durable also! great buy!!!
great bands, very nice quality. colors are exactly as described.
feels and fits just like the apple brand bands. very comfortable and fit in the watch very easily. colors were a little lighter than i expected them to be but still very pretty in colors. i got the light pink, light blue, and white back. very reasonably priced.
love the red color and the price can't be beat! i have several colors and it is fun to change bands to go with outfits.
i bought the small size 38'' band and there was lots of room still for bigger wrists.  quality is great.  i've used it for more than a week and i'm very happy with it.
great quality and color.  my daughter loves it!
love this watch band.  i have the series 2 apple watch and the band was so easy to install.  it’s a perfect shade of red and a perfect fit for an amazingly low price!  it’s very well made too.
very comfortable and light weight. i bought these for when i workout because if you don’t clean the the band that came with the watch regularly, it will have built up dirt on it. with these bands, i can wipe and go with no drying time.
beautiful color, feels nice and secure on my wrist and you can’t beat the price. i will order more colors!
love the texture and durability of these bands.
great quality much cheaper than apple bands.
love how affordable this is and how it’s just like the apple bands. truthfully i like these better, it doesn’t have a sticky rubber feel to it. these feel so smooth and fit perfectly to your watch.
came fast, color is great! finally a watch band that can stand up to the standards of an actual apple band watch band!
great product
great replacement bands!!
comfortable and it is my favorite band
this band it great. highly recommend.
very happy with purchase. i was afraid they’d be stiff and uncomfortable but they feel very good on my wrist. good quality and fair price.
perfect fit
it’s looks just like the original apple brand
i purchased the pack of 3 bands and could not be happier.  everything is as advertised.  i plan to buy more colors from this same seller.
i love these!
everything was fine thanks
i love these!
great product
love love love these band close to the apple watch original quality locks into place doesn’t slide will order from this company love all the colors worth the money i’m a very picky person and i am very pleased!
just as comfortable as the one that the watch came with
literally, just like the original apple watch, maybe a little lighter in weight. you get an insanely good deal for all 8, highly recommend.
bouht as gift and wife loves them
as described!  love it!
thank you! i damaged my original bands and i was hesitant to make this purchase. when the item arrived i notice it resembles the original a lot it fells good on my wrist and i wear it everyday.
i love the different options i have to match with my clothes. some of the bands are a little bit on the magnet part when it comes to attaching it to the iwatch.
love it! it’s amazing!!
loved the quality and everything
looks very nice and is comfortable
fits into the watch just like the oem one! fits my wrist even better too but i know that’ll be different for everyone.
it’s cute! good color. seems equally effective as my silicon apple bands, especially with tracking exercise and move rings.
works great
awesome product and good quality
these bands are a great value and fit my apple watch as well as the original band. they are a nice variety of colors (true to picture) and i am hopeful they will hold up over time. shipment was very quick!
great product!
i love the watch bands.  they are of very good quality.  nearly identical to the band that came with my apple watch.  i'm considering purchasing more of them.
love these!  fit perfect
the quality of this band is indisputable.  it’s as good as the ones that apple sells.
the color was nice on them and they looked great too.
great apple watch band. cute color too!
amazing watch band! fits onto the watch snuggly and has same sizings as apple brand and stays secure. after wearing it in for a bit, i can’t tell the difference between my original band by touch! highly recommend! don’t pay full price!
so far the bands have been great. they seem to be good quality.
beautiful, true-to-color on screen.
very comfortable. looks like the originals! love the colors! every band comes in a individual bag. very good product for the price!!
really great band for my apple watch. arrived on time as estimated
just like an actual apple band, but for a lower price!! very sturdy and worth it
only could rate 4 stars because one of the bands did not stay locked into place, the other two were fine. other than that the quality great, soft, and look just like the original apple ones.
nice colors!!!
fast shipping. right product. love it! thank you!
product arrived sooner than expected. love the colors and the durability.
love the bands!!! easy to put on, colors look really nice, and they’re very comfortable. great price too!
work ok
love the watch and for my apple watch!
purchased and it was what was expected.  great product.
looks exactly like the picture! nice and easy to clean if need be. exactly like the originals apple watch bands, i love it!
perfect.  cute color!
at this price point, it’s great.  the band materials are not as heavy as my apple band, but it’s very nice.  like the blue color too.
nice
after purchasing a dud on ebay, i purchased this one and it is holding up much better than the first! i am satisfied. the band fits snug and holds the apple watch firmly in place.
same as the original,just the right size
this was such a pretty color, easy to lock into place, very soft, would buy again! only downfall is that it doesn’t snap/buckle as easy as the original band, it wants to pop off. but once you have it buckled it’s grrat!
i love this band and wear it all the time. the color is just like pictured.
love it!
super cute with the watch. very happy with price and quality.
perfect
material is soft and flexible! no slipping and stays put! love it!
bought two of these bands for my husband and i and we both really like them. they are easy to put on and we have not had any problems with them saying on.
really surprised with the quality!
the product had no instructions for installation . fortunately i had ordered similar items before from amazon and knew how. otherwise the fit and color was fine.
ok, gracias. bien rápido.
fantastic watch band. just like the original apple watch band!  i would definitely suggest this product to family and friends.
just as pictured! beautiful selection of colors!! good quality. great price.
perfect!
love the bands!  2 our of the 8 wouldn’t slide in the slot and i had to sent the whole pack back.  but i really liked them so i ordered another set.
this will not disappoint. the bands are great quality, and dare i say...more comfortable than their name brand counterpart. i couldn’t be happier.
ordered this for my mom, she loved the band style & color
it fit perfect and it looks great!
this band nhas the same quality as the original apple band, although the color is much pinker than the original pink sand band color. overall, i would highly recommend this band, as it works and looks very nice!!
these bands are excellent! an exact match for to my apple band. couldn't be happier.
decent watch band. came as pictured. it is not as thick as the apple watch bands (that i’m used to) so it feels sort of cheap due to its thinness. not necessarily a bad thing though. overall happy with my purchase
perfect!
great texture and look
love the color! perfect
the bands are amazing. the look like just like the apple ones. for the price and the amount you get and the quality is great. just like it shows in the pictures
exactly as pictured. love the color and comfort.
love these bands!!!!
exactly what i was looking for.
as expected
exactly what i wanted and what was described.
these are fun!  easy to swap bands to match daily outfits.
perfect! just like the apple band but way cheaper!!
love the color!
fit well very comfortable
bands arrived quickly and as described. the colors were exactly as shown. the bands are nearly identical to the brand name bands in look, feel, and size. in photo - the original band is in the middle on top of packaging.
very comfortable
very happy with these watch bands. the color size and quality were exactly what i had hoped for. i will be buying more in other colors!
the color is slightly darker than a true apple band. that is the only difference that i could see.
have been wearing my new band for 2 days now.  comfortable and very good price.  no complaints, many compliments.  love the color, would not hesitate to order other colors.
very pleased with the quality!
cheap and looks and feels exactly like the apple bands.
looks great, fits well. makes my arm look tanner. should’ve bought a white one a long time ago.
fits as expected, no issues!
white band is exactly what i wanted and as described here.
i liked that quality of bands
this band was a great alternative to the $50 apple watch band. the only issue that i have found is that when securing the band in the loop, sometimes the notch pops out of the hole. other than that, no issues.
loved the combo of colors. as described. wore white and grey bands and they look really nice for something i paid little money for. received many compliments too. would definitely recommend if you are looking to save money.
really like the color of this band!
great product
it’s very good product with a good quality
fits perfectly, exact color.. i love it!
fit perfect! can’t tell the difference between the ones you get from apple
came right away.  fits watch nicely
i’ve had these about 2weeks now and i have  worn every single one of them. the colors are spot on! only took 2 days and came in a nice package. and yes i carry them in the package they come in, just to keep them organized and clean
looks good. nice fit and style.
love it
love how comfortable it is...might even be more comfortable than the original band that came with my watch. i ordered the black color and it makes my watch look nice and sleek! so far so good!!
i was skeptical about investing so much money into bands but i am very happy with my purchase. these bands not only feel great but they are seriously so easy to clean.
these are even nicer than the apple bands!
very comfortable. went on my watch easy!
love it!
quality
good material and fit. i would purchase additional colors.
super cute and quality is amazing. the picture is accurate to the colors you order.
i love the colors and the quality seems to be the same as the white band that came with my watch. it arrived very quickly.
nice band, good color, fits good
good product and speedy delivery.
very nice material and inexpensive! most definitely going to buy more colors!
love it!
love it and love the color. just as good as the apple bands
color and material is good. great collection
as described, thanks!
just like the original! i love it
item was delivered promptly and was good quality. was happy with purchase- good value
perfect! it’s comfortable. feels just like the original band that came with my apple watch and it’s a cute color.
it came on time the material is just like the original silicone that’s $30 and i got this one for $8 it’s great and i plan to order more colors.
as advertised. silicone is soft and the variety of colors is fun. timely delivery too.
a great deal - an excellent alternative to paying apple $49.99!  it is the same exact band for &8.70! truly.a great deal.
great band....i have a larger wrist so i got m/l, it fits perfect and leaves enough to tuck in so it's does not hang out.
nice blush color. feels like an apple product.
love it! super soft and comfortable!
worth it, worth it, worth it! i took a risk and ordered two of these bands based on the great reviews. i am relieved and ecstatic that they are not a disappointment. quality, color, and fit are 5/5 in my book. will be ordering more colors!
i love these. i can switch them out so easily and a great price. i bought them several months ago and wear my watch all day (including the gym) and they’ve not yet failed me.
love! its perfect!
i purchased the red admaster sport band for my wife's new apple watch 3 and found it to be exactly as described.  the color is vibrant and it is hard to differentiate between this band and one made by apple.  great product.
great bands. bought the 8 pack. me and my wife are really enjoying it.
great value and prettty comfortable.
love it!! super comfortable and the color is great - not too light. i’ve gotten many compliments on it and where to buy it!
perfect fit and looks great
love it, it’s really comfy and cute color
fits perfectly
great product
just what i was looking for
great band.  high quality.  i am happy with the purchase.
love this... this is actually great quality!
met expectations and feels like any other apple watch silicon strap.
perfect look for the price
i love it! so easy to clean. will be buying more in different colors.
i bought this for my daughter in law and she loves it !!
good
very comfortable!
i ordered 4 different colors. shipping was fast and i love the quality of the bands, colors are great and fit just like my original apple band. will definitely order more.
the size is perfect and the black is stronger than the apple band.
great watch band! exactly what i wanted. product is a nice mid spectrum grey color, fits to the watch perfectly, snap works easily and matches with many outfits! (color is a little darker than the attached photo)
a bit thinner than the oem product, but still great.
i have this band in the white as well as the mint green, and absolutely love it, especially given the cost. i own several apple brand bands and to me, the difference is minimal. i really like these bands and can’t wait to buy more.
been using them for about 1 month and i like the material, sometimes it’s a little hard to take the straps out because they don’t slide as easy as the regular apple bands.
does not feel the same as the apple brand silicone band, however it still feels like good quality material and fits the watch attachment points like a glove. also, very  comfortable. will be ordering another in a different color from this seller.
just like the apple bands....great quality
a bit brighter than the picture, but it looks good! the fastener stays fairly well and it’s quite comfortable.
fits exactly like an original band, color is spot on
this looks, feels, and operates just like the band that came with my watch.  highly recommend!
got the 38mm s/m pink sand band and i love it! exactly what i was looking for. i was a little worried about it getting dirty but i've been wearing it for about a month and it still looks new. great price and i'm ordering another one!
love this band! goes with so many colors and feels very much like the soft original band my watch cams with.
love this white watchband for summer!  good price.  highly recommend!
the band seemed to feel not as soft as other silicone bands i have purchased previously.  on the upside, it seems to lock more in place.
these sport bands are durable.
i am very satisfied with my purchase. this is my favorite color and it compliments well with the rose gold. you can’t even tell the difference between my original apple band and this band by looking at them. will definitely be buying more!
great replacement band
i like it just fine.  want to be able to switch bands ince in a while.  this works great and it’s comfortable.
i received my order on time as presented in the advertisement. i am happy with the product.
i like the band, its good quality for a the price i bought it.
small. i normally wear the smallest hole in my apple branded band. but i wear the middle one now. it’s more like a xs/s than a s/m.
perfect band for an amazing price!
great product and great price
this is a great, high quality band.  my wife loves it!
it’s perfect. great color too. very vibrant and great quality. it says mint green but it’s the color of the tiffany & co green. i’ve had lots of compliments on the color. i will definitely try to get other colors when they go on sale.
love the bright red color! it is exactly the same texture and material of the apple brand bands. so much cheaper! it’s not a sticky silicone it’s the matte finish just like the apple bands.
great quality and great price . exactly as pictured
exactly what i was looking for!
great band in my opinion. it’s exactly like the original from apple and the online picture matched the band in person.
so far so good! i just received this product this morning. it fits perfectly in my apple watch series 3. the sizing is almost identical to the apple band that came with my watch!
the band is good quality and got here quickly
these are almost just like the ones apple sells.
just a great as the real deal!
good product. good condition.
great love it
great watch bands. exactly what i was looking for.
great fit and price.
i am very pleased with these bands!!  great colors, great quality and great price!!
i loved all these bands! color on the picture is the exact color of the bands! great quality for a great price! i also liked that they were a tad bit slimmer then the original apple watch band. i’ll be ordering these again as gifts! i highly recommend y’all!
love these. the price is excellent, and they are exactly like the one that comes with the watch from apple. i would suggest to anyone to purchase. you will not be disappointed.
no problems with watch band. actually was the the new pink color i wanted. very pleased with purchase
super cute
really nice and especially for the price!  super comfortable and easy to clean and put on.
love the color of the bands,fit perfectly but mostly enjoy the cost of the product. i can not believe i got 8 fantastic bands for less than what i would pay at the apple store for just one. thank you!
very pleased with the quality of the watch band and the quick delivery. i plan to purchase more bands in the near future.
great product it’s just as advertised great colors and it’s confirtsble.
works perfect
i love it!!! i brought the s/m white band and it fits my wrist right now.
love this band. the red color is just as described. excellent service.
exactly what i expected and fits nicely
awesome
very nice! worth the money ., each band was individually packaged . nice colors
loved it!!!
great quality no complaints just wish we can buy more for the same price but different colors!
wife loves it 5 stars for making her happy :)
they are every bit as good as the ones sold by apple.
great band. heavy. excellent price.
good quality bands!  other brands from amazon would have my wrist break out but these are durable bands. thanks!
great watch band.  matches my apple branded iphone blue case perfectly.  i am definitely going to order another one in another color.  thanks!
these bands are great! just like the iwatch band. easy to put on and take off. great price!
well made and looks great. a little tricky to put on your risk at first, but easier after you have done a few times.
very happy with these. they are just like my apple bands but for for wayyy less money.
my kids ordered these for my new apple watch. they fit great, look just like the one that came on my watch (for a fraction of the price) and provide a variety of colors. love these bands!!
great value. i will continue to buy these verse paying 5x via apple. only thing that sucked is i got highlighter on mine & it won’t come off.
just as described. love this band
works exactly as expected.  fits great!
product is exactly as advertised. nice replacement for my original band and love the price tag. definitely going to order more colors.
love the white band! very summary and reasonable price.
it's great
been very happy with the wrist band. fits a lot like the original one from apple at a better price.
this is exactly like the original. no way i’m paying $50 for a real one. so happy!
these are a great product.  super comfortable!  great colors!  great quality!  i’ve had my watch for 6 months now and wish i would have got sooner.
a really good watch band!! it feels a little different from the apple silicone bands, but it's well worth the price, considering this one is $7 and the apple ones are $50. i've been using the band for a little under a week, and so far no issues!
good quality, shipping is fast. love the color
love these bands!  they are just like the bands apple sells but a much better price!  couldn’t be happier!
great quality band! i wear this most days and it’s working like a charm!!
liked it
its perfect. worth the price!  better then paying 50.00 for a apple watch band.  this one is highly recommend.
very comfortable and fits perfectly. i like it as well as my bands directly from apple.
love it. thank you
perfect!
love these bands! they look, feel exactly and function exactly like the fitness bands sold at the apple store. i now have these bands in 4 colors!
i purchased two watch bands (one for the 38mm and one for the 42mm) and both are fantastic! comfortable and durable and a fraction of the price of the apple watch bands. highly recommend!
the replacement bands are useful for accenting my outfits, the navy blue band is not useful with the black face of the apple watch.  another color would be better.
i just got it on time today, i ordered the pink sand 42mm apple watch band. i have the series 1 42mm watch, and it fits perfectly. it is true to color and very soft and good quality.
nice watch band. fits very secure.
very happy with this band, will definitely be buying another.
fits well and seems to be of good quality.
exactly as soon
absolutely love my new apple watch! i’ve hand it for a couple weeks now. came brand new in the box. everything i wanted and more.
i love the color so much exactly as expected and works great will buy other colors
impressed by the quality of this band for my watch. i wanted a different color band with out paying $50 for one from apple. it feels just like one from apple but for a much better price.
this band fits well and looks nice. it is very durable too. i loved it so much that i ordered more colors. i think it definitely is comparable to the apple band that came with the watch!
fits great, looks great!
we bought these for our daughter and she loves them!
love them the quality is very good and the colors
great replacement band. ordered the white. easily wipes clean. stays on securely. feels and looks the same as the original apple black band i have at a fraction of the cost!
very good quality. would order one in every color. fits comfortably.
i could not be happier with this purchase. this 8-pack includes all of the colors i was looking for less than the cost of a single apple band. i see no difference in appearance or function from a real apple band. great product.
these watch bands look great, fit beautifully & are a fraction of the price of the apple brand watch bands.  so glad i found them!
it works great. got it for my wife and she loves it
it’s great! snug, flexible, secure, and color is as advertised.
works well
love love love. fast delivery!! highly recommended
very nice! fits watch. i don’t have any complaints so far
i cannot tell the difference between this band and the apple band i purchased from apple. very impressed. will be buying more.
good quality .fast delivery
perfect
love my new band.
perfect fit and color!
the colors and the durability. also the affordability
love the colors that they offer! the blue is very bright and the band does not have a sticky feeling like some of the other non-apple brand ones available do which is really nice.
as advertised! no problem thus far!
great quality. very happy with my purchase. thank you!
just what i wanted. color is good, sort of a dusty pink. price was right, too!
love it
love this band. color is exactly as the pic
quick shipping. exactly like description. love the color!!! happy camper!
my favorite band by far.  color is bright and the configuration is the same as the original band.  will be back for more.
perfect fit - high quality.
shipped fast good quality
works and looks great
i like the bands. they are like the one i had on to begin with and its fun to have different colors. worth the price.
my daughter ordered this for her apple watch and was pleased with it. the only thing i wish it had was an allowance for smaller wrists but i do know that apple does not make a "kids" watch so tweens just have to make do!
product is great and packaged nicely. delivered in a timely manner as well. thanks!
high quality bands and the colors are just as pictured. i love  them.
love the color --works perfect.
great quality! i have this band for several months and it’s holding up great. color matches the picture also. i purchased another one in white. :) highly recommend!
great price decent product
i love how you can adjust fora smaller wrist. and change out the colors.
love this band. is pretty much identical to the apple band. will definitely purchase more.
look great
quality was equal and possibly even better than apple original .  fast shipping
i love the quality of the bands, and the colors are exactly what i wanted!  i’ve told everyone that comments on them, where i got them, and the price was awesome, considering i got 8 bands!!
great and fast service. band fits great!
came in great condition! although i feel like the material of the band is thinner/cheaper, but does a job well done and fits perfectly! i love it!
it’s so comfy, cute, and doesn’t look cheap! i will purchase again a black one! fits well true to size!
just as advertised and very comparable with the apple bands without the price.
as advertised, better than other replacement apple bands i’ve tried.
love all the colors! easy to change bands! i got the m/l bands and they fit great around my wrist!
shipping was fast. the bands look great. they are a bit thinner than the original but they look the same when you wear them. i love the variety of colors (8 colors) and the price. i would recommend.
fit as expected
fantastic quality and looks and feels just like apple’s own sport bands!
i am extremely happy with my purchase. they are very very similar to apple’s version, and you get 8 for the price of 1. will purchase again if a new color package becomes available.
perfect! fits great.
great product for the price. fits perfectly
great price & great color! i love being able to change the bands to a different color on my watch
the watch band came exactly as expected and is well designed
great quality.  looks and works exactly like name brand product but for a fraction of the price.  will buy more!
great and soft. easy to wipe clean and make look brand new. click on well. i’m super happy.
more of a hot pink in person, but love!
accurate color, arrived quickly as described
highly recommend! these bands are really good quality and the price is great! i’ve switched my band every other day now so i can try them all. i’ve even gifted one of the bands. definitely worth the buy!
perfect to change up the look of my watch. nice variety of colors & true to size. would buy again! hopefully more colors to come with matching bumpers.
the watch band is very nice but it doesn't look good with the rose gold.  i wish i would have thought of that before i ordered it.
perfect fit! thank you
great!!
was shipped way faster than it should have ! color was exactly as described !
love the price and the bands look great!
super fast shipping and quality band.  thanks
just like the ones that come with the watch from apple. love it and it’s very comfortable.
oh these are perfect!  great price wear perfect. no issues!!
it was bigger than the band my watch came with originally which i like, i just wish i would have maybe ordered a size down so i wouldn’t have as much excess band. went on easily and has help up well so far.
love these bands. they feel and fit as good as the original apple band and the colors are beautiful. each band is in its own reclosable bag then those bags are in a bigger reclosable bag for easy and convenient storage.
i have the rose gold apple watch and this band looks really sleek with the watch! it fits perfectly too.
been buying from this seller for a few months really love there material
great variety and price. the red band is more coral than true red but very pretty.
i am very happy with the colors and quality. the seller was accurate in the description.
exactly what i wanted
this was a present for my sister. she really loved the texture and how perfectly well it fit her apple watch2. i’m happy that she likes her present!
i am using it with my apple watch... it fits perfectly and very comfortable
fit perfectly! looks just like the original
i love the color it looks great with my pink apple watch :)
i love it!! i just got them on saturday. i don’t know about durability yet. but i love the quality colors.
band came in quickly. looked a little more pink in the picture but still really like.
so happy with the bands. working great, easy to change the bands. seems like the same quality as my original apple band.
fit perfect and i love the navy blue next to my rose gold iwatch!! would definitely recommend this to everyone and i’ll be buying more colors soon!!
product came as described. looks just like the version offered by apple only cheaper!
this watch band looks and works like my band that came with the iwatch. i love it!
excellent product and very quick delivery!
love it
perfect fit with great price!  i got the gray and it’s nice.
i love all the colors.  they are simple and coordinate with everything.
i was amazed how good the quality of the bands are.  can’t tell the difference between the apple band and these bands!
good material quality and flexible. i'd buy it again
fits better on me than the original apple band.
this color of pink is trending in fashion right now .pink sand is classy and is a perfect color with everything you wear from black to cream .delivery was quick and quality excellent..love it
great deal! fit perfect on my son's apple watch first generations.
loved them. glad i had a size option.
perfect color, perfect fit!
i love love my apple wrist bands! the silicon are great to wear and so comfortable! i wish i bought these sooner! i now can wear them and match them with every outfit! so cool and so awesome!!
perfect color and comfortable
such a good product!!!!! i never leave reviews but this one deserves one. the material is way softer than the ones that come with the apple watches. and $40 cheaper than the ones you buy at the apple store. will buy another color soon
it was very nice fit perfectly
after my husband upgraded his apple watch, decided to give his old one a try but needed some new bands. these have been great! comfortable and great color selections.
great
great colors and fit. the material is silicone so feels a little wired.
very good! recommend
i love this band! it’s so bright, it doesn’t irritate my skin like most bands do, and its very comfortable! not as thick as the apple bands, but still great!
arrived before time and it looks amazing! fit perfectly and have been wearing with my apple watch since i received it! will most certainly purchase from this seller again!!!
recommended! will sure buy again..
love the pebble color! i have the rose gold apple watch 2 and the two colors pair perfectly together! the silicone band feels sturdy and i am very happy with my purchase :)
nice
love it
lighter color than the photo, but it works just as well as the apple branded bands and is very comfortable!
bought these for my daughter’s new watch. very well made. seller shipped quickly. great price!
i really love my new watch....including the color...i was so disappointed when i was told that they no longer offered rose gold which was the reason i was buying a new watch...when it arrived it was, indeed, rose gold and a series 3!
my favorite band that comes in so many colors
fit just like the apple
the product was exactly as displayed online.
they are the same size as the apple watch bands that came with my original apple 3 watch. great for the price
i think is a good deal for the price!
it was exactly what i wanted. love the color (red)! it’s easy to change, but one side doesn’t stay in as tight and moves back and forth a bit.
they are perfect!! great colors and fit!
everything was good.
these watch bands feel and work just like the one that came with my apple watch. the pink one isn't a true pink. it's more of a mauve, but i kind of like it.
i have had this band for 5 days now. i’ve been wearing the band since the day after i received it. so far so good. color was just like the picture. i will do a update a month from now
everything is in good condition and fits pretty good in my apple watch, it’s almost like the original, pretty similar. and the itens arrived earlier than expected. thank you!
love it! really looks great with the rose gold watch.
fits my wrist nicely which was a great surprise since my wrists are very small. color great and so far all is good
the bands fit perfectly. they are a little lighter than the actual  apple band, but personally i like that. i can’t say  on wear and tear, considering i haven’t had them for very long, but so far so good.
bought these bands for my wife and she absolutely loves them! says they feel better jab apples original band, so that must tell u something. thanks again.
band is great
great quality. color is really pretty.
this product is amazing! i wanted a new band color and didn’t wanna spend so much money, this works better than the actual apple bands! it’s siper flexible, easy to clean, and last forever!!!
i really like this watch band, it’s soft and fits great! nice price, too!
these are great watch bands. very similar to the apple brand watch bands. the silicone is a little thinner and softer than apple, which i like better. not to mention the price is a lot better. i would definitely purchase again.
well made, very comfortable.
this is a pretty color of pink. it feels good. feels just like the apple band.
very comfortable and light weight. i’m glad i bought two.
great watch band! such a nice feel to it and good quality! 👌
great color and quality!
great quality, love it
feels comfortable on the wrist, very nice quality
prompt delivery, great price, and as shown in ad.
very nice quality- exactly the same as the apple factory bands
good official band
love them
love them
bought it for my wife. she loved it!! just like original band.
really liked the color. now this gives me more options for othe colors.
great item and fast shipping
great quality watch band.  works just as well as the more expensive brands.
i bought the pink and it’s a beautiful soft rose color
love the color!  great band
love the band! i am an adult female and have very small wrists, but the tightest option ended up fitting for a s/m. will order in other colors.
though the color is slightly different the bracelet fits the i watch perfectly!
product seems to be very good quality but i gave it 4 stars because the s/m was still too large for my wrist
love the watch band, better then i expected! i’ll be ordering more colors very soon!
this is great. it’s jusy what i was looking for and so much cheaper than the apple bands and it seems like similar quality. will definitely repurchase again in different colors. i already got it in black too.
love it
fits great and the color is just what shows. very satisfied.
you can’t even tell that this isn’t an official apple band. it fits perfectly and i absolutely the dark blue color. it matches beautifully with my rose gold watch
highly recommend. i haven’t had any issues with the bands. the colors are great and being able to change out the band every week is awesome.
i am absolutely thrilled with my new band for my apple watch. it is reasonable enough that many options are affordable. thank you for your service in providing such quality products.
i love the band & the color is perfect. looks like i am allergic to the metal piece at the end of the strap. i am allergic to nickel so if you are too i wouldn’t buy it.
i was leery about buying a band that wasn't apple product. it is great! fits awesome. i have an 8" wrist and it fits perfect with 4 more notches to go down. i am ordering more colors. love it!!
i love the bands my only feedback would be to be able to choose the band colors of  the purchasers choice because i didn’t need a black or green band other then that i’m satisfied with my purchase
just as advertised, looks same as apple band.
these fit just like the apple watch bands but you get 8 for less than the cost of one!
met my expectations.  nice band!
it's soft, not harsh on your skin, and its cheap! i have been wearing my band 24/7 and it doesn't have a funky smell, or texture to it. highly recommend!
magnifico acabado y excelente calidad igual que un original recomendado 100% comprare mas colores.
quick delivery. nice band
love it
i liked it so much, i ordered 2 more in different colors. so i can change colors with my day.
super cute
works great and fits great.
best extra band i’ve purchased for my apple watch.  fits just like the original, and although slightly thinner, is just as comfortable.  good purchase, great price.
great deal
muy buen material
item was i expected. will definitely order again
good
just the bright pink i was looking for & fits well!
great bands! would definitely order again!
they fit perfectly!  they actually look and feel like the ones you pay a lot of money for .  very happy! they came quick also.
it’s perfect. i love how light the color is. it looks exactly like the picture.
very good band for the price
color was as pictured. beautiful shade a blue.  perfect for the price.
self
love it
just as good as an apple band!!
arrived super fast. i love it! good quality and it fits perfect
beautiful color! so happy with this purchase.
perfecto me encanto
i absolutely love it!
this feels just as comfortable as the original watch band and almost exactly the same color! works great as a replacement for the original
i loved it. perfect size and shape
this is the same soft silicone feel as my band that came with the apple watch. i’ve told everyone i know with an apple watch to buy this kind because they’re exactly like the apple bands.
good quality and received quickly 👍🏼
replaced band on apple watch.
i ordered these bands for the 42mm apple watch. they fit exactly like the apple brand. love the colors and that i can now match to my outfit. i will be looking for other colors to order.
good price
amazing, i’m glad i purchased this band and save a lot of money instead of buying the apple band! great quality and the pink color is amazing!!!
rose gold band is a little darker than original from apple but matches the watch perfectly!
love this band! very pretty and comfortable.
beautiful well made band that i would buy again!
excellent buy!  delivered on time and packaged nicely.  the quality and comfort of this band are outstanding and the price makes this a steal.  would definitely recommend to anyone.
love this item
great product... looks original
i love these bands, just like the originals
the band appears a bit shorter in size than i expected.
very pleased with color and comfort level. the black is a nice jet black...not like the dull black that apple has packaged with their new watches. makes it look more sleek. the bands are comfortable as well.
love having all the different color options.
great band, i love it!!!
perfect work great. great colors
this band is very good quality and i love the color.  i have worn it for about a week so far and its been great and looks great.
items arrived on time and in perfect condition!! can’t ask for more than that. thanks!!
assortment of colors
good deal for the price
i love it
love it!
love this watch
great watch band, not as thick as the original one and sometimes when i’m putting it on the metal clip sometimes comes out but other than that it’s a great band. i would take paying $7 over $50 any day.
perfect for and color!
i like that the bands are so easy to change out
look and feel great
it's really comfortable and for an amazing price! very similar to the original apple bands. highly recommend it.
very well made!!
i love the band, but the metal to secure it must have nickel in it cause it caused a rash on my wrist. i’m gonna try to cover it up with tape if i can cause i really like it.
the color is exactly shown, comfortable.great price.
for less than the price of one apple watch band you can buy 8 bands that are nearly identical to the original. this is the best purchase i’ve made in a while. two thumbs way up!
this band is so soft and comfortable!  i ordered the mint green color and i get compliments all the time!
good quality for price!
of the watchband it’s absolutely perfect i’m going to be ordering some more
just got these in and so far i love them!  nice color and and fit well
love it! fits perfectly and looks great! can’t take it off my arm ;) also bought a black and pink one, which i’m pretty sure will be as great as the white one.
love it!! just as described
band feels fine & it was definitely a lot cheaper than the apple bands. we will see how long it last but even if it was to break in a few months it was worth the few buck i paid.
love it! perfect fit and is a great substitute for the original apple band. i plan on buying more colors 🖤
fits great.  love the colors.
love everything about this band and plan to order more colors
very happy with my purchase. colors are just as shown and the fit is perfect. they feel great wearing them, the band is soft and not rough like some that i bought before
not sure if this is apple brand or not but you cannot tell the difference. very durable and comfortable. so cheap compared to what you pay at best buy.
i love this band!
great value
very pretty watch band, love the color!
great watch band! so far has not faded in the sun!
bought this as a gift for my boyfriend and i gave the lighter colors to my sister. they both loved it. said it feels secure and comfortable
perfect replacement band!
just what i expected. love the color. exactly like the apple one! one happy buyer. will recommend
bands worked great for my apple watch. good quality and love the colors
great product. band feels great on my wrists and the color is perfect. i would order again
like the  fit
perfectly made to fit. great quality. color is taupe gray.
love this band. it works perfect and is softer than the apple band. i will be ordering more!
i received my order and i’m pleased so far with the quality of the bands. they fit well with my series 3 apple watch. i would recommend these bands, a great purchase.
it's so beautiful although i thought it was pink, it's peach and that's fine as well. thank you
love the band
i like the bands they are lightweight and soft.  i would like to see more colors available in the future. i would highly recommend this product to others.
perfect watch band for a perfect price! feels and fits exactly like the apple watch bands that cost 3x as much as this one. very happy with this purchase (i bought 4)! i will definitely buy more.
love it
pefect
first off it feels exactly the same as the apple watch band that is expensive! i recommend this band for anyone looking to replace their band but don’t want to pay $50 for it!
very nice quality and packaging.  i would like to offered and assortment with more male oriented colors but these are great and are what i was hoping for.
i love the band. the only negative would be it gets dirty easy but its also white and rubber.
perfect
love how it latches like the apple band my watch came with. the design is secure during workouts, chasing toddlers and babies around and everyday wear.
great purchase! received very quickly!
cute and inexpensive
this is so close to the original apple watch band. it fits great and is easy to fasten, just like the apple brand band. the pink color is a little more vibrant than the apple one, but i like it better.  great value!
great colors
fits perfectly
a little brighter than the stock photo, which i liked. i wear a m/l and it fit just like the apple band. i wear it on the 2nd to last hole. great product!
i really liked the material used to make this band. it feels and weighs almost identical to apple watch band. i was very happy with my purchase and i am so happy i found this color!
it’s a good band for the price, feels more like plastic than an apple band but for the price it’s fine!
just as pictured. i have a small wrist and it fits me perfectly! my friends think it’s a real apple watch band- hard to tell the difference. would recommend.
cute
matches my shirt perfectly
very nice quality for the price!
i like them. it was inexpensive for three of them and the quality is good. i personally like the black one because it goes with almost everything and i don’t have to change it to often.
so far so good!
bien normal
this band is great, comparable to the one that came with my apple watch but this one is so much more cost effective. i will definitely order more colors in the future.
these were a gift for my daughter. she’s used them everyday since she’s received them. loves the quality and color selection.
i like this watch band. exactly as described and good quality. it fit my watch perfectly. i would buy from this seller again!
great product.
it was a gift... she really likes the color.  arrived quick.
i have several of these bands and love every one.  i match them to my uniforms!!
good color quality.
band is nice, perfect color easy change out. seems very durable. worth the purchase.
product is of good quality and as described.
really good quality. very similar to the band the apple band the watch comes with
i almost order 1 band for $30 from apple....these are great! my watch came with a s/m band, ordered m/l in these...perfect fit!  will definitely order more colors!
nice color. looks like picture. so far, it’s great.
nice band. comfortable and same fit as the original band.
fits perfectly! can’t even tell that it’s not made by apple.
i love it!
awesome deal! i like most of the colors! and they are good quality!
just like my apple brand one
love it!
fits perfect and love the colors.
i remember spending a large amount for one band from the apple store.  i bought 8 fashionable, great colors for the same price.  awesome value!!
just what i expected
the bands look and feel great.
just like the apple silicone watch band..  no difference..
as promised, good product, quick delivery!
i love this watch band! i’ve tried other ones but keep coming back to the original apple band because of comfort and fit. this band fits just like the apple band and you can’t beat the price.
very nice band!
nice colors
exactly as described. fits perfectly.
bought for my daughters apple watch. she is very happy this this prduct.
very similar to the band that comes with the apple watch. great quality and low price - very pleased with this purchase and ended up buying more colors!
they fit perfectly not only around my wrist but on my apple watch too. i plan on purchasing from them again when my husbands watch comes in.
love these watch bands.
this was exactly as i expected.  very nice and a great price!  i would highly recommend it.
fit perfect and comes off fine
arrived on time. band is of good quality and attached easily to the watch.
high quality especially for the price
perfect
love it.  great colors.  sturdy yet buttery soft.  great fit.
true to size, comfortable, i like this band better than the one that actually came with the watch.
band itself is good. somewhat difficult to put on but some people may not think that. good durable band.
just as good as the name brand band. comfortable and love the color.
bought these for my daughter & she loves them.
perfect 👌🏼
perfect. quality and color were good. great price
beats buying the expensive ones.
looks as good and works as well as my original apple branded one for a fraction of the price
with reading reviews from other brands saying they weren't what was expected, i went with these. they are just like my apple one. the colors are true and they fit great.
buen precio y buen material
as expected
i like the band
they are very nice! love them. i wish there was more variety of colors!
i received this product on time. the product is very durable and a great quality. i will buy again from this seller
love the watch band...fits perfectly and looks great.  speedy delivery!  would definitely buy from you again.
very comfortable. pretty color  easy to put on
these bands are great quality especially for the price, the colors are super cute and i haven't had any issues so far!
loved it! super smooth silicone just like the apple brand for a lot less!
i received it within a timely manner and its exactly as described
love these bands!
color is the most important for my granddaughter and did not know the sizing for the wrist but she says she likes it
its just like the originally band that comes on the apple watch!! love it!!
great service, looks good!
i love this band. it's super secure and so clean looking. i will be ordering the other colors.
i was first skepitcal on getting the band after all the negative reviews and pictures shown, but i shall say the band is nice it fits well dont irritate my skin. im glad i purchase it !!
very comfortable
this band meet my standards exact size exact color
love the softness,fit and feel. would order again from your store.
these look, fit and feel just like the apple branded bands. you can beat the price! i love the variety of colors that you get.
great quality for the price
nice bands,comfortable and comparable to the original bands that came with the watch. i love the versatility of being able to switch colors
excellent quality! i actually prefer them to the ones from apple! they are softer & slightly thinner & they are more comfortable when i workout!
true to color & style, feels just like an apple band which is my favorite part of apple bands. so soft!
high quality, color is just like the photos. feels just like the apple brand bands, would buy again!
good quality, nice color, very secure.
love the color, and it arrived quickly!
this is a great watch band.  it stays tight when wearing and is more pliable and softer than the real apple band that comes with the watch itself.
the quality of the band is amazing i loved it it fit perfectly for my small wrist it is 10x better than the actual band that came with my watch from best buy
it works and looks great!  i love it!
i like matching my watch bands to my clothes. the quality is great. no different than the bands from apple but less than 1/2 the price. the colors are fun.
it was just as described great fit!
product cam fast. i really like how the arm band folds in, helps to keep watch in place!
great quality and metal pieces fit perfectly in the watch.
love this band color! hoping it doesn’t discolor like my lighter colored bands have done.
my son loves them. they are not as stiff as the actual apple band but pretty close. i would buy them again.
great quality and prompt shipment.
i honestly can’t tell a difference between this one and an apple branded one.
better quality than i could’ve imagined for the price!! i’m buying more in other colors.
i love all the colors! they are better in person. i have recommended few friends to purchase the pack!
great price. easy to change out bands!
great
looks and operated exactly like it’s apple counterpart.
great colors, perfect texture and fit.  i’m really impressed
band was soft and fit perfectly. well worth the money.
love the color choices i have now without spending a fortune on bands.
just what i wanted. several watch bands to change out with different things i wear.
great product. fits perfect!
i love the quality, comfort and fit.  wish the pink was a little softer pink but that’s just my personal opinion.
like, because it`s a very good product.
fits great. a bit stiffer than the apple silicone band but nonissues
fits and feels secure just like the 49$ ones at apple. love the color combo with my rose gold watch. good buy!
looks and feels just like the apple brand for a fraction of the cost, this is the second color ive ordered and would order again without hesitation
i absolutely love this thing. i’ve been wearing it for two weeks for my apple watch. it’s so comfortable and it feels just like the apple brand but so much cheaper
just like the expensive apple bands. love it!
love love this band! super comfy and the color is just enough to pop without being too bold.
looks & feels identical to the band that comes with the apple watch.  love it.  great value & lots of colors.  will order more.
very comfortable material.  wish the edges were more seemless.  hope it will last.  excellent product overall!
nice colors
perfect.
exactly what i expected. material is great. fits perfect and easy to switch bands.
so nice i love the color same as what was shown online , the price was great as well and i will be buying more.
love it! color is fun but not neon.
it feels like almost the same material as the apple band but it isnt exactly the original pink sand color.
fits perfect ! great replacement
this brand of bands are identical to the apple bands. save your money and purchase these. i’m very satisfied with each and every color and the perfect fit.
looks and feels just like the real deal! i ordered a white one and a grey velcro one and both have held up great!
good quality, color matches pictures, good packaging, would definitely recommend!
colors are true to pictures on line. they fit as expected and are comfortable
exactly what i wanted
i lost my navy silicone band that came with my apple watch and was able to replace it with this band for a fraction of the cost! and i can’t tell the difference between the two!
exactly what i expected nice and soft
item exactly as described! love it
love the fact that i can change bands to match what i'm wearing.
good quality. made just like the band that comes with the watch when brand new.
is good i like it
i love my iphone watch bands and the price was very economical. i got eight watch bands for less than what i would have paid for one apple watch band. thanks admaster!
i bought this set of bands for my wife and she absolutely loved them.  she couldn’t believe she received the variety of colors at that unbelievable price.  incredible value.
works perfectly as and non apple brand band.  bands are soft, comfortable and the perfect color selection.
love the watch band. looks great and great price.
love the white sport band - watch works great.
as good as the apple silicone bands, and great color options. no brainer would absolutely buy again
as expected. thanks!
very nice bands for the piece !! watch is secure all day
great and it fits perfectly!! pink is my favorite color!
surprisingly good quality for the price.
i'm very pleased with the products.
i purchased these for my girlfriend and she loves them!
quick shipping. very comfortable, so far so good.
really like how it looks on my apple watch series 3.
i like the apple watch band. i could’ve order a more bigger size
i found no issues with these bands. they fit well and so far are very durable.
excellent quality, very impressed with the durability of this product. comparable to the silicone bands from apple.
looks great!! better than the band that came with my watch. will be ordering again
love this watchband.  i bought it in black and now going to get some other colors.  fits and feels just like the apple watchband.
great band really like it
they fit better than apple wristbands and i love the color variation thank you!!
great product and great price
i’ve no complaints about these bands! they are absolutely worth the price!
very good quality
love the color!!!! exactly as pictured.
great product, good quality, very reasonable price. i will definitely order more.
came quickly and looks great.
came in super fast! great quality, a bit thinner than the apple brand bands but i think that’s what i like most about it! less clunky. going to order more colors for sure!
the bands are very comfortable and were reasonably priced. i have a color for every outfit i wear. they're very easy to change out.
fast delivery and as advertised.
very appt with my items n wht surprise me mor tht they got here quick thankyou very much.
i like the color! i ordered pink sand, it’s beautiful! the quality is good too!
looks like the original band
perfect
not the same color as the original pink apple band but other than that i love it & have had no problems.
wife loves it!
love these watch bands. they’re just like the one you’d buy from apple but way cheaper. i have 4 different colors now 👍
i love this apple watch band. i’ve had it for almost 3 months, and it still looks brand new. i wear it everyday. i highly recommended!
the color was exactly what i wanted! well worth the money.
awesome!! easy to change out!
it’s light, but does not look cheap. great purchase, great price!
these bands are fantastic! durable, great colors, just like the apple bands, but a fraction of the price. i highly recommend the purchase.
the band is perfect.
great quality. nothing fancy
just like if you had ordered it from apple, just less expensive.
soft and comfortable, easy to put in, does not look and feel cheap.
granddaughter loved it
love it!
great band for everyday and workouts.
love the color arrived on time
color is exactly like the picture. i love this band purchasing more colors
the watch band fit great. quality is as good as the apple original band that came with the watch for a fraction of the price. was so happy with it i bought another one.
i will never buy another accessory from the apple store. it literally is the same quality as the one in the apple store that was $50
i love this band. very comfortable. i like all the color options and the price is fantastic. will definitely be buying again.
perfect color!
the watch band fit good onto the apple series 3 watch and looked great and classy with the rose gold.
perfect fit for my small wrist. the good thing is that it comes in the same 2 sizes that the original apple band. i ordered the small one. closure keeps your watch safe.
i love the colors i will purchase more colors.
i like it so far. it’s slightly lighter and longer than the one i have from apple for way cheaper
good quality and came in a timely manner
i absolutely love this band. its fits and feels just like my apple watch band. will be purchasing more!!
perfect pink, fits and made well! i will buy more.
my daughter looks them!!
great quality.  very very close to the original one.  i love it.
very happy with my purchase, great color. cannot tell the difference betewwn this one and my original apple band!
wife is happy.
vey satisfied !!!
good quality and nice range of colors
love the colors...
so far so good. feel like the real thing. great quality. awesome purchase for about $30
this band is perfect. just like the original band. i ordered white. now to get a few more colors.
great quality!
the quality is nice and the colors are vibrant.  would definitely order again if needed. good alternative to paying full price for an apple band.
loved that this was via prime and the watch bands are perfect! great bang for your buck.
love this band... super comfortable.
super soft and stays clean.
bands material are pretty good, and i liked the variation of the colors. i can match it with different outfits.
nice solid band, i would definitely buy fro this person again
a little thinner compared to the apple brand but it's still good quality, fits well, cute color especially for the price.
awesome! same feel as original
loved the color combo. great gift
the watch band was exactly as it was described. 100% satasified with the band and will definitely be back when it’s time for a replacement. 😀
such good quality bands! i love the colors and the price is so worth it!
son muy practicos, puedes combinar cada vez que lo desees, . cada una es como si fuera la que trae el reloj originalmente.
arrived quick. product was as mentioned and looking fresh.
great product no complaints much cheaper thant the apple store
fast shipping! love my watch bands! fit exactly like the apple band!
amazing love them all
love it!
fits well, stays strapped, durable, fashionable.
fits the apple watch. good quality and have received many compliments on the color
fits perfect!!  was exactly what i expected for a reasonable price!!  i swim with it every day!
great seller - product exactly as described and received very quickly.
very, very pleased!! they feel fantastic. only slight complaint is that the colors aren’t as vibrant as i was hoping. but they work beautifully and they are very secure!
would purchase again!
good one!
great product
excellent quality for such a small cost. never will i buy an apple band again.
great band.
very sturdy and well made.  works well with my apple watch 42and feels comfortable.  great buy
i love these bands!  they are easy to interchange and the colors are solid!!
really like the band. fits perfect
love it! i have bought the purple one as well. fit well and look great!
fast shipping and good customer service !! band looks & feels like the apple one
this band is so pretty! the material is super nice.. it doesn’t feel like it’s cheap quality or anything. i’m so happy with the product!
excellent quality
can barely tell the difference between these and apple
love all the colors! well made, stays on nicely, and easy to change bands. very happy with purchase!
love the color and fit is good. not as smooth as my other bands.
beautiful pink color, looks great on watch. plan to buy more in different colors
awesome color, very flexible and lightweight. for this price i want every color!
great color. perfect size for my large wrist. band doesn't rest flush with gen 1 watch, but it's all good!
comfortable, fits and feels just like the original apple band, but at a fraction of the cost. definitely recommend.
fit great!
package arrived on time and just what i was expecting. will buy others in future.
5 star review for the band. 1 star review for my dog cause he ate the band.
the color and price 😊!
great quality band.
great band, good price
fits great, is amazing price for the product. i added the case from another vendor.
i love this band! the color is so pretty!
not as light as in the picture, but works ok.
fits great, actually feels better then my white band from apple. apple band is smoother to the touch, plastic wise. this band is softer almost soft/fuzzy to the touch, even though it isn’t actually fuzzy! they do feel slightly different but not in a bad or super noticeable way.
bands are very smooth and made well, definitely worth the price.
love all the different colors! matched the bands with my workout outfits and got some great compliments! highly recommended.
perfect!
the band is exactly what you want it to be. no regrets buying it.
very nice
love it! it goes with more of my outfits.
great band.
it’s a good product. did not come with instructions. did not like that i had to search online but, thank god for youtube.
great product so far. i love that i get to change my watch band to match my outfits. definitely worth the buy!
very comfortable to wear! i would recommend it to anyone with an apple watch
nice variety of colors, but i wish they were a little more “earth tone” colors
i love the band i just received. its true to its color (navy blue) and it fit perfect on my iwatch.
absolutely love it. beautiful color, just like the photo and is great quality.
nice watch band.  just a little less quality than the apple brand band but you can't beat the price!
looks and feels just the the name brand. daughter and myself love being able to switch colors out!
love it...  soft & pretty
colors are good, they fit my watch perfect. no complaints!
very happy with my purchase. the bands are good quality and not what you would expect for the price. extremely satisfied.
i love the white band that i purchased. it fits just like the original band that came with the watch. i will be purchasing other colors in the future.
awesome product..  these bands are duplicates to the apple bands..  i would buy again anytime.
the bands are sleek. nice buy with awesome price.
great fit for apple watch. the band looked good and felt really soft. price was really good.
great for working out
true to the color presented online. same quality as the ones i have purchased for a much higher price.i absolutely love it. will order in more colors!
received this band on time and it’s true to color. i absolutely love it and it is very durable!
the color is exactly like it is pictured. it seems to be high quality and will not fade easily.
best deal ever!  great qualty!
same as watch bands from apple store. just not as costly.
i like the bands. two of the colors were brighter than expected but overall great bands.
awesome bundle value that looks exactly like my original apple strap! quality was good too!
as advertised. comfortable and breathable texture
beautiful color! just as expected
good product and colors very similar to the picture. it could be a little bit thicker, but overall product is good.
love the band!  i wear it during my workouts.  it doesn’t slide around on my wrist but also doesn’t feel tight or uncomfortable.
love my new band!!! it’s the same thing you’d get at the apple store but at a much better price!
love the color
great band looks and feels exactly like ones from apple store
surprising good quality and in my opinion, they are as good as the ones sold by apple, which is five times more expensive at least.
nice quality. fast delivery
amazing
comfortable and great price
bought as a gift for sister and she loves them
great feel and easy to put on. love the color
just as i expected it.👏👏👏
it was just what i wanted.
love everything about it great quality
very happy with it
very content! soooo pretty! a tad darker than what i imagined, but still worth it!
i get comments every day about the color of my band.  it even matched the nail polish i had applied and made it more special.
i am pleased with my purchases. the watch bands fit perfectly.
great band!!
band is good. true to size fits apple watch series 3. the band i received was not the same color as the picture. it is very bright.
i usually don’t give reviews but these bands are amazing! durable and great quality! definitely buying other colors from the same person
i purchased for my granddaughter and she loved it.
awesome quality! fits perfect! fast shipping! will be purchasing more products again!
fits good and looks good
i will be order more straps it's durable and cheaper than purchasing the straps directly from apple.
great looking bands at a great price
my gf likes these bands.  i've ordered 3.
great product for the price. bought it for y girl and her wrists lowkey small so it's a lil loose, but otherwise great buy
great color selection..fits perfectly!
it was a little difficult to put on at first maybe because i never changed my watch band before now. i love it!
the colors are just what i expected. they got here quickly. they are great quality. i would definitely recommend!
great quality and color is even better than in pictures! would love to get more colors!
love these products.  eight bands for less than you can get one at the apple store?!?!  wow!  they're soft and durable.  i am glad i made this purchase!
love the band love the color! it’s very comfortable.
fast shipping!  band fits perfect my son loves it!  would definitely buy more.
fits good and pretty good quality.
great product as described
very easy to install, nice color, nice stability. overall well designed product.
buy it!
band is similar to the one that came with the watch and works perfectly with it.
very good quality!  highly satisfied. will purchase again from this seller. i want all colors.
the watch band arrived as promised it fits well and it’s a beautiful color.
quick delivery, great buy and quality exceeded expectations
i used it for my apple watch, it's perfect.
great price. quality product, would order again
these are great!! a watch band to match anything you wear!!  they fit just like the band that came with my watch!
i just love this color, so feminine and chic!
these work perfect!  i have ordered 3 different sets as gifts :)
this band is very similar to those sold by apple for three times that price.  i am very happy with this product!
fast shipping, good price, pretty color.
just as described.  great deal.
great band at a great price. so much do that i want to order one in each color. it fits my watch well and seems to be pretty sturdy.
loved this. it was exactly what i imagined the color is amazing even got a white one. nothing to be disappointed about
love the bands, just wish there were a few other color options. a couple are very close in color to one another.
love the color it is a nice band not quite as nice as the apple one but more then sufficient for the price.
easy to attach to watch, color feel good
this item fit perfect and installation was easy.
really happy with my purchase, identical to original band and seems to be of good quality. can’t beat it for the price.
i watch looks sporty and elegant at the same time
these are fantastic - awesome colors, great quality, and excellent price. i highly recommend!!
the product was the exact color as it appeared and they arrived sooner than anticipated. very sturdy wristband, i am very satisfied!
color was exact to shown in picture.
bueno
nice colors and seems to be great quality
awesome bands, not as thin as i thought they were gonna be which is great!!! gonna be ordering more colors
love love love ❤️
these bands are super cute! i ordered the pink sand one and it’s so soft. love it so far!
i just try it but i would say i recommend as a good material and nice to wear everyday to match clothes 👌❤️❤️
i loved it
product was great! i received it within 2 business days!
very stylish and it s like the original band from apple. you cant tell the difference
i thought the bands were really good. i believe i was delivered 38mm instead of 42mm even though the package it came in says 42mm
just like the original but thinner, in a good way. i really like it and will definitely order more in different colors.
love the color
this strap looks and feels great. super easy to clean.
very nice variety of colors fits very well inwould buy some more
this band is just like the apple ones!! it was in great condition and the exact color it says and shows!
these are really nice bands. they are very much like my original apple band too. nice quality
love the rich red color
high quality and inexpensive.
looks great and works just like apple
i love the versatility of having so many colors.  the quality of the bands is very good.  i love this purchase.
same good quality as if it were apple brand but waaay cheaper! i love it
great product for the price.
this is perfect exactly what i wanted!!
i like it but the material feels cheap.
quick ship, seems to be good quality. performs as expected and looks good. recommend.
these are great!
these bands are great! love the colors.  they fit perfectly and you can't beat the price.
great bands
great value
arrived on time and is a good quality band. my daughter loves it. definitely worth the buy.
quality band.  same quality as apple bands.
love it ! exactly what i ordered! fast,accurate
i love these bands!  they are good quality, easy to change and provide great variety to match outfits and moods!
these are awesome
one of the bands they sent was an 38 mm, but other than that it was as described
the color is perfect and the shipping was super fast!
works awesome!! way cheaper than the $50 apple one but is the exact same thing!
perfect! exactly what i wanted and needed. arrived early; exceptional quality. top notch seller.
fit great. super easy to swap. love the colors.
cute and fits perfectly
this looks so adorable with the pink apple watch!
great band, holding up great even in chlorine - great value!
love them good deal and looks great
the band is very good quality. you almost can’t even tell the difference between apple’s version and this one. highly recommend!
fits slightly different than the apple bands but the overall quality is good for the price you pay. love the colors!
love the bands! they are high quality and very smooth. thank god i didn’t spend $49 on 1 band at the apple store!
arrived promptly. easy to put on my apple watch. looks and feels great.
these bands are awesome!! they fit perfectly. they are the best investment if you are looking for great quality affordable watch bands!!
looks nice.
great product at a great price
this is a quality made band and it fits perfectly. the color was better than i had anticipated. well recommended!
great durable band! just a realiable as those expensive ones, if not more.
no problems out of the band at all!
excellent quality, price & fit
affordable and high quality. i definitely recommend for a replacement band.
nice quality watch band. silicone felt soft and supple. the size is adequate.
this is a birthday gift for my grand daughter and i did not give it to her yet.  it looks great.
good value, nice colors!
love the band. easy on, easy off
don’t ever buy the apple brand! this is the same quality and just a cute! love love love
fits perfect! love it
this sport band was awesome. for the watch great felt soft like the original band that come with the watch. would order again!
just as advertised!  can’t beat them for the price.
resembles apple bands and works just as well.
really nice looking band. very satisfied with this and with service.
just as described! light and comfy!!!!! ordering this style in all colors.
i love the color 👍🏼
good quality, good color selection, good comfort and fit.  definitely recommend.
shipped out and received within 3 days with no prime!  very good quality, would highly recommend.
exactly what i was looking for. it is perfect for my watch.
buena calidad !
had i not known this wasn’t the original band that came with the watch i honestly would not be able to tell the difference!
great bands. feel just like the apple bands.
a little smaller than the original apple bands, but well worth it. incredible quality, and great price as well!
it’s perfect
attractive band with secure fit.  i have worn the band to run and bike and have not had any issues. great price.
very nice
very pleased!
these bands are very comfortable and i love the colors.
i liked the product and the color
love the color and great quality
fits my apple watch perfectly. this band is super soft and comfortable to wear, definitely recommend.
i love the colors. (navy, grey and pink) the bands are comfortable and easy to change.
perfect! thank you!
exactly what i was looking for!!!
received this watch super quick! perfect fit great quality! will definitely order more!
i replaced my old band. love it
seem to be of great quality and value. time will tell how they stand up. really like so far!!
worked out great!
it doesn’t fit my apple watch. i should have gotten the smaller (38”) band. it sticks our around my watch face and looks stupid!
good colors, nice feel of the silicone, perfect fit!
superb quality.
looks just like the real thing. perfect fit.
it is what i expected. lots of compliments
great quality love the colors
perfect. saved 80% and same quality. a no brainer.
i really like these bands. a color for every outfit
no issues. as expected.
i like it . just as advertised & fits apple watch perfectly .
great and good lucking product. look like the original one.
great. does the job at a great price.
love the colors! also no issues putting them on. fits perfect!
easy to change bands and fit perfectly.
my only gripe with it is that one of the pieces hangs out of the cutouts for the band. other than that it’s wonderful.
great fit and great color!  love these!
i like it, great quality.  but from the pictures it looked like i was getting a grey band, i got a cream color instead.
exactly what i wasn’t looking for. longer than expected
great band and color, looks very similar to the ones that come on original watch but prettier colors!
these are so good for such a great price!! i actually prefer these bands over the apple band! it’s not as thick a the apple band and is way more comfortable.
nice, looks like just from apple store but better and most important is the adequate price for this band .
use this more than my other bands
loved the great price and that the design + shape is similar to the pricier apple band(s)
love it!! very comfortable and the color is beautiful! a lot of compliments. will be ordering another color soon.
love all the colors!!! great product
i am using this band now
as shown 👍🏽
just got these and love them well worth the money. they fit and look just as good as the apple one. and easy to change back and forth.
it is the same band as the one that came with my apple watch, and it’s like $40 cheaper. best deal ever!
great price. work great.
love the band, quality it great, and it is very similar to the band that comes with the watch.  would recommend this product
i bought it for my daughter. she likes it a lot. it looks really nice.
as advertised. really like the product.
just got it and love the way it looks and feels. great quality!
loved the band. it’s just as good or better then the original black one. goes great with my interchangeable cases.
really good quality and great price
it’s perfect and super affordable! i love all the color choices too! i wear mine all the time.
very happy with it! will order again. 😊
like the the way the band feels. disappointed that the color is listed as soft pink when it is more like a soft peach.
amazing. love the fit, feel, n colors.
great product. band fits perfect. better than the original band that came with my apple watch.
looks great!  i love the color. very happy with my purchase.
love them! now i can color coordinate my watch with my outfits at an affordable price! highly recommend!
love all the different color choices.
fits right into the apple watch and feels like the original band.  i’m very satisfied.
love it comfortable and easy to put on
hard to put on at first but fits great, easy to clean and looks good!
excellent
came quickly, fits just like the apple brand watch bands. love the color and durability. easy to clean and looks great
easy fit, flexible and looks great!
great color and quality great price came quickly and with no damages will be ordering more colors
great product
no problems with the watch band i ordered for me apple watch! love the color!
excellent
love this band as much as the original white apple band that came with the watch! clasp works well and is very secure!
nice band just like the original.
i love all the colors!!
the strap fit and it look like it came from the apple store. great!!!
love my new band.  easy to change and fits just like my original!
bought them for my wife and she loves them. different variety of colors
neon pink, suits my watch perfectly.
it was for my wife she loves it
so nice! so comfy! and such great price!
i love it and will buy it again.
right price ! right  products !  😃
i love this band. it’s soft, attractive and easy to put on. it’s a good quality product and i would buy it again.
awsome!
omg i love them! the colors are very nice!
absolutely love these bands! great colors!
great product arrived as described
i love is very strong and soft 💓
thank you!
they are great!! wish there was a all dark and all dark options.. would have purchased two set.
the gray band fit perfectly with my iwatch and i love it! easy to install and stays on tight!
love this color!! and the band is super comfy.
love this watch band! the pink is a beautiful color!
good quality and fast shipping.
love it better than the band that came with the watch!!! the color is perfect!!!
great quality band.  i’ll be getting some more!
great value for a replacement band.  it arrived quickly and was exactly what i expected and needed.
love the silicone texture and easily switches out with the watch!
love these. excellent quality for the price.
fits like all the others.
inexpensive, good looks, easy to use
perfect! great price and just as good as the apple watch bands except way cheaper!
for the price and all the colors i love! i can’t tell much of a difference. texture is a tad  different.
buen servicio, el producto es igual al anunciado
nice color selection, and seem to be made as good as the band that came with my apple watch.
❤️❤️❤️
loved them
very comfortable and lightweight
fit my apple watch perfectly!! nice to be able to change the band to match the spring season!!! can’t wait to order another!
just what i expected
a very nice and comfortable band. the color is a nice subdued turquoise which works well with many of my outfits.
love the watch bands they are just like the apple watch brands but are not as heavy, the colors look great! got all the colors shown , fit perfectly even
a++
price and fit were perfect. i already ordered 2 more.
i just got it today....but it fits snug and has a shiny finish. i love it! no complaints so far
love all the colors. s/m fits my smaller wrist better than the more expensive brands.
great deal, good quality.
very comfortable and looks and feels just like the original apple band.
this product is so amazing. it is literally like the sport band the watch comes with. i love the color also and highly recommend this product
havent taken it off since i received it. good quality.
good quality. works and fits fine. its not the same material as the apple ones but it does the job!
i bought it also for my daughter. she likes it very much.
really nice, quality band - comfortable, good-looking, and the closure stays on securely. i’m glad i got it!
10/10 would definitely buy again
great watch band! love the material and it fits great! can't beat the price for it!
smooth and comfortable band, love it!
fits perfect feels as expected no issues what so ever really enjoy everything about this product
fits the apple watch perfectly.  fun to mix and match the bands.
the bands are true to the color in the picture and fit very good.  easy to change them out.
love buying of amazon, always great  quality and price .
easy transaction & product exactly like it says.
it's  soft, comfortable to wear and looks just like my current watch band that came with the iwatch, i would buy it again.
nice, clean, comfortable-
liked the way the band fits and the look is very sporty.
i don’t have any complaints. feels like the original band. perfume and secure fit.
great color, great feel. will definitely pruchase again from this company. great job admaster!!
exactly what i was looking for!
good
looks and feels great! literally everything that i expected
you simply can’t beat this band for the price. highly recommend.
love them! easy to change.  i select them to match my outfit every day! :)
great color and quality for the price.
love these bands.
i absolutely love this apple watch band !! it’s super soft and actually close to the real deal !!
just what i wanted
really like this band! just as good as the original apple one that came with the watch and way cheaper
love the product material.  great product. amazing price.  would recommend 100%
great product for the price!
nothing. i like the apple watch bands.
perfect fit! i bought the larger size & i have smaller wrist & it was no problem. will definitely be buying more!
so cool!
love the colors! just like my original apple band. super comfortable
very high quality silicone band -- just like the apple brand at one-fifth the price.  color is true.
a+++ fast shipping.. products as described. happy with my purchase. i will definitely buy from this seller again!
this is a great product and very affordable. as good as the original iwatch band.
just what i expected! so cute and stylish
very good quality
my wife loves the bands, she changes them everyday.
it looks good but it’s a christmas gift
i personally love the colors i chose. they came in quick. not one problem with them
easy to put on and is exactly what i wanted
fits well and comfortable.
looks great
love it fits perfectly
i love the softer material of the band. quick easy delivery.
we love the color
muy buenos me encantan los colores
quick delivery
love how these bands feel as much as apple bands! plus many colors to choose from. this is my second one.
fits well.  my wrist measures 8’ so the smaller size did not work.  very happy with the quality.
can coordinate with all my clothes
love it! only complaint is that it came with a black spot i can’t seem to get rid of.
nice quality
perfect
perfect fit!
liked everything
great quality!! i would purchase again!
seems identical to the watch band that apple charges 50 dollars for. feels great and the color is perfect.
beautiful color.  excellent price & quality!!
seems like a quality product
exactly what i needed and looking for !
beautiful color. received what is shown in the picture.
love the versatility. easy to change the bands out.
love the color and fit
yes i love it
fits so well and loves the colour.
nice gray band.
quick delivery and great product for the price...
liked the colors. how easy they fit my apple series 1 watch. very affordable.
the band works perfectly with my watch and has stayed tight while working out
love it looks great
looks and feels just like the real apple watch band. so far so good!
feels exactly like the bands from apple, but at a much lower cost. love them!
best thing i’ve ever bought for my watch.
fits perfectly on my wrist.
honestly better than i thought! premium quality, great fit, and perfect price!!!!
cute and exactly what i expected.
looks great! love the white and no one would know it wasn’t an apple brand band!!!
really love this band! it matches my watch perfectly!
perfect color...pink sand!!
i actually like this brand of watch band better than the apple brand
perfect fit. affordable price. prime.
was pleased with the item
love the color! looks great on!
looks, feels and cleans up nicely. will buy again.
the service was great and the product was wonderful. thank you
good quality great fit. would definitely purchase from this brand again.
arrived in perfect conditions! the product is as shown in picture.
these are great and look just as good as an apple band but for a way better price!
this was a present for my mom.  she loved it
awesome product! so happy with my purchase
great! just remember to look at the sizing measurements so you get the right size.
they look and feel great. these bands fit better than the apple watch brand.
these are a perfect fit and great colors!! definitely recommend them.
very nice. looks like the actual apple one
good quality and very stylish
great band awesome color blue
love them one for every day.
i love it!
perfect. fits very well on my small wrist and looks elegant.
comfortable decent quality watch bands.  a great value!
love these bands.  same great quality as apple products without the high price.
nice for the price
i love the band and color they are the only ones i can wear at work! they got to me on time and in perfect condition
love them!
excellent band and quality - fun color
product arrived in a timely manner and the quality so far seems to meet the standards.
like the real thing
the watch bands were exact as described, delivered quickly and easy to replace!
great fit and i love the color, exactly what i was looking for!
my order arrived promptly when promised. just like my original apple band!! very pleased.
this was an awesome purchase. good fit and no problems!
great buy easy purchase
love my watch band!
the watch band is exactly what i wanted. love the color and the watch band fits well.
they were exactly as expected, very pleased.
they were all i had expected
i wasn’t sure about ordering a new band,  but this one has been great!
se ven lindos!!!
it came in perfect condition. love the material and the color. my mom loved it <3.
these bands are just like the one that came with the watch.
love this band
great product
exactly what i expected
these bands are perfect !!
exactly what i wanted, great deal.
love it! thank you so much!
great band. fits well
it’s great!
good band.  color was exactly what was on screen.  nothing negative
bands fit well and are easy to attach to the watch. love the colors!
fits perfect!
i love it and people at work are me we’re i got it and i tell them
no issues with its fit or quality.
items arrived in a timely manner and as advertised. no problem attaching them to my hardware.
love my watchband!!
just as advertised, and worked wonderful with my apple watch.
love these bands!  they are almost exactly like the original band. would purchase again.
what i liked  best was the price and the colors and they fit my watch perfect. loved this
fashion
love this! the flap of the watch does hang, which is weird but doesn't bother me now.
love the band.  comfortable and nice to look at
i love my band! it came a day earlier and it’s just perfect!!
going to leave many oily fingerprints on it
love the color and it feel nice like the real one
love it. it fits snug and is the right texture and comfort level is awesome. i love the color also! i plan on ordering more!
exactly what i wanted. shipped as scheduled !
i love my bands. i can change them out daily to match my wardrobe.  one happy customer here
as described.  nice band. looks great with the rose gold.
perfect!!!!!! just like the original apple watch bands! i just preserved more!
the quality is great! very pleased!
would be nice to have alternate to black, otherwise great pricking and quality
love it! fits great and looks like the original apple band!
love this band! great color and quality.
fits perfect, comfortable.
just what was advertised. perfect
these watchbands were just like the original bands that came with my apple watch
quality similar to apple brand.  love the color.
the band was in perfect condition and fits perfectly as well! will recommend to others !
i love my new watch band. i’ve had no problems and i’m thinking about getting another color.
great fit and awesome durability!
color is nice, and looks just like the other watch bands i bought from apple.
purchased as a gift for my daughter and she loves it - comfortable and stylish!
love the quality and colors!!!  worth every penny!!!
product is just like description. came pretty quick too!
i can vary when and what colour i like. always looks like a new watch.
love! fits perfectly and the texture is much better to workout in.
very nice band!
band is a perfect fit and great quality
you cant tell the difference
fit perfectly
love the color. great price. fits my watch great! defiantly will be buying more
i love this band! specially for the spring/summer.
look thinner than the apple one
great band, color matches what is shown in photo.
my first silicon band lasted a couple years. this is a replacement band.
good quality product. comfortable and colors are exactly like the picture.
such great quality.
i love it! will definitely order more bands soon.
worth every penny!!
this apple watch band is a quality replacement for my original band.
so much better than buying separately
these are awesome!  you'd never know they weren't the official apple product.  nothing like 8 for the price of one!
love this band!
exactly as pictured. not as ‘firm’ as the original apple band, but it’s cool.
love your bands - hope you come out with some christmas ones :)
watchband seems to be good quality-very similar to the apple one. excellent buy for the price
fits great
i like the variety of colors the bands came in, the price as well as the fit.
awesome. so cute and comfy
love the color and material.
exactly as expected. very happy with this purchase. would definitely buy again.
purchased these for my mom and she loves them!
love the new watch band and color!!!
love this band. it's my favorite color and fits as comfortably as the one directly from apple! thanks!
great deal, thanks
love it! looks great with my silver watch
exactly like my band from apple. fits perfectly!
would have gotten five, but it had a caustic chemical smell.  had to set it outside for a couple days to air out.
strong and sturdy, my friend enjoyed them and is looking forward to buy new colors
good value
i like the fact it looks and feels exactly like original band.
perfect
nice band. a little darker than pictured.
beautiful blue color, quick delivery!
great product!! my item came sooner than expected and was of good quality for the price.
good price and quick delivery
fabulous watch band !!!
very fast shipper.  band is very comfortable, love it
just what i expected. perfect fit and good quality.
love them. color options are great
lots of colors, just wish there was a lemon yellow in the package
thank you received
love it thank you !!!!
great product... exactly what i expected. fast delivery.
fast shipment and fits well.  high quality feel
love it! planning to buy another color! 🙂
i bought them from my wife and she loves them she has one for each outfit. seems to be great product. thanks
i love all the  colors  that i got.  and i like how comfortable the bands are
it looks so great , i like the material, and i love the color
perfect!!!
the color is nice and the band fits perfect! i’d definitely purchase again!
looks exactly likes the band you buy at the apple store. except it’s not a rip-off
love this band. it’s just like my apple band for a fraction of the price.
love it!
they look great!  love the price.
love it! is exactly like the apple band but much more affordable!
the band fits perfect and looks great! very comfortable and it’s definitely a steal for the price.
excelente calidad
great replacement watch band! it looks just as good as the original!
looks just like the original from apple!
it’s just what i wanted.
loved
love this band! feels just like an apple band and fits my watch perfectly.
watch as described perfect fit woukd definitely recommend
looks just like picture and fits well
they are very comfortable and inexpensive.
exactly wanted ordered
it’s like the picture
it was a lot more pink than the picture showed. that was the only disappointment.
perfect! not as heavy as apple band but identical! very happy with purchase!
perfect,
great value. would like more versatile colors. like gray!
they look great, fit great  and the colors are a nice selection.
great quality, fast delivery & awesome colors!
exactly what i wanted. and so much cheaper than the ones at target and best buy.
it is exactly what it markets.
band is shorter than original one.. but quality is great
absolutely love!!
purchased for my 12 year old and she's happy with the variety.
love these bands!! great value!
love the band. fits and feels just like the original apple band.
i love all of them, they have high quality, and the colors are amazing!
exactly what was advertised, fast shipping love it!!!
love the color and the way this feels! more comfortable than the apple bands! i will for sure be buying more.
good quality and quick service. packaging material was too big.
this band was easy to install and looks great!
great product for a great price
looks & feels just like the apple brand wrist band, & fits perfect.
product was as advertised. good quality for great price.
love all the colors. you are not going to regreted if you buy it.
great product! love it
great bands!  colors were very nice and they were very comfortable
the purchase was easy, affordable, quickly delivered and looks exactly like i wanted. thank you
just as good as an “apple” band!
it’s awesome
it’s very comfortable! the color is the same as advertised.
great color and quality.
fits perfect!!
it’s exactly what i expected.
love the color and very comfortable. came before the expected date.
love the barbie pink watch band! wore it to school today and got a lot of compliments!
love it for my apple watch. size just right.
great feel it feels just like my real apple one
all is well in my opinion
absolutely love the color and quality of the band!
would buy again in another color , straps hold well and stay put
fits well for small wrists and is very comfortable
i love it, it was for myself. great for changing with different color outfits.
all good!!
almost identical to the ones apple sells!! amazing quality!
i love it
band for apple3 watch -  looks nice great colors !!
very good quality!👍🏻
fits great on my wrist!
great quality and look. just like the picture
color and quality is great!
great product and seller processed the order quickly
super fast delivery. great quality product!
love it!!!
i love all colors!
looks just like apple bands. love the colors and very nice quality.
great price and great product!
good quality, lightweight, and looks good!
good
great quality. very much like the apple watch brand, but for much less money. very pleased.
the item was exactly as pictured. i love the color and it works great!
love it!
doesn’t look cheap.
extactly as described.  super fast delivery.
extremely happy with my purchase process was fast and easy would recommend and will buy again
just as described. loved the value. nice colors.
love it.  fits perfect.  no issues at all.
the band fit perfectly and look great!
the material is very comfortable and the silver is a nice touch.
just as described!
great deal!
band is as expected. fits better than the original.
look great, fit great, no issues
exactly like my apple bands !!
the quality was just as great as the apple version.
very satisfied with purchase!!! definitely recommend
i like them a lot
it is great i love it!
good quality band.
fits just perfect for my little wrist
his was my first band to purchase and i’m very happy!
i like the variety of colors and they fit perfectly!
loved it . it was perfect.
amazon is awesome 👏🏾 and my watch band is great
awesome bands!
the band has meet our expectation.
love the color of the band.  the band feels soft and smooth.
low cost
they look great.
really nice product
fits the watch perfect!
as describe nice products
perfect fit and looks great
the product is excellent
absolutely love the bands! they feel and look as good as the apple bands!
love all the colors! fits great and very comfortable.
love the color and nice quality:) thanks!
likes the products
it was what i expected. i love it!
perfect! will order more.
the bands work great and were as described.  thanks!!!
great value and fits great!
versatility
i love it!  very comfortable! i will be ordering more in different colors.
this product is great! i’m very pleased with it.
love it
loved the colors and fit! exactly what i was looking for.
great price and looks great
it was as expected and delivered quick!
just love the band is nice and soft and i will recommend it
it fits just like i expected and the material is just like the apple watch band.
nice product, worth the money. arrived on time.
these are awesome
very good
love the color!
great fit and look to my apple watch series 3.
great product, good quality
love it!! just like the band that came with the original watch!
great product.
fits great just as good as the band that comes with the watch
product was just as described.
like the color and weigh.
works great!
perfect
it is very comfortable
great quality!
exactly as described
great watch bands and great price thank you love them
good quality
good quality for the small price it’s listed! very happy with the purchase!
great quality and easy wear.
it’s perfect
it was a dark pink than i expected but over all great.
nice band
great quality and even better price. get tons of compliments on the barbie pink color.
perfect fit
its an actual hard silocone band not made from cheap material.
loved it! fits better than the original apple band that came with the watch!
great quality, but i have a small wrist and the smallest setting is too big. :(
color is exactly as the picture.
awesome quality
description was exact. shipping was fast
nice
can't expect more for the price.
great colors. just what i wanted
great price!
like it
loved the band will be ordering another color soon
awesome price! works just fine!
great quality! color is beautiful!
purchased for my son. quick delivery, good quality!
personal use. love them!!
to change the watch bands to match outfit
great band! feel and fit! would buy again!
love it! have not taken it off yet on my beach vacation!
great band
i loved the quality and price of the watch bands. thank you.
love!!!!
product as described, great fit and feel. prefer over the apple bands. recommend to all.
great fit.
love it! great quality
love the color and the feel. very easy to put on.
the price was great. the watch band did meet my expectations.
great quality. will order more colors!
i love it and would buy again
fit great and came fast and great price
igual que la imagen
the material is nice. the fit is good. i love it.
fits well with apple watch series 1-4!
fits just like my original apple brand.
the fit tight and are the same as the apple watch sport band.
arrived fast and super comfortable.
exactly like the photo and study, too! i love it!
comfortable fit
looks great feels great, definitely more cost effective than buying from apple
awesome great colors
fast shipping and good product!
comfortable and fit great. love the color. would recommend.
i love the color.
very good description, as describe, good quality
i like the product
exactly what i wanted!
perfect fit!
i love it
great style, color and quality...i love it!
love these bands fits like orginal apple watch bands
very pretty color!
i like it i use it
perfect
love this bands, especially the navy blue one , good quality
great product!!!
great product!
great quality!  great colors!
very soft and comfy!! i will be buying more.
great product!
great bands
easy to put on and good quality
sinple black watch band.
exactly what i was looking for! fits great and feels awesome. great for the gym
great value and fast shipping
exactly as pictured. love.
color is a different pink than my original band but i love it
i love it!  i am wearing it now!
👌
comfortable soft fit will purchase again in other colors
great quality. really similar to the original band
perfect !
exactly as advertised
love the color options! great value for $
cool bands
i like everything from this company
a longer than needed, but nice👏🏾😍.
really love the band! fits great :)
just as expected!!!
great , fast shipping
wife is very pleased with band.
great band, wonderful blue color!
i love these bands and they are well worth the price.
good material, perfect fit
buenísimo
good quality
these bands fit and feel just like the original apple bands! love the colors
fits great, great color
love it!
great band, even better price!
love it
love this item.  color is great !
great
it hard to put on
good fit and quality for the price.
perfect fit and look
the bands were just as described.  i love them.
great product! love the colors!
very happy with the watch band, color, & speed of delivery!
comfortable fit
great watch band with great service.
these are fantastic!!!
love this item! such a great price for an 8 pack!
it is really comfortable and the color was exactly as shown!
love, love, love it! fits nicely and so far holding up pretty well.
very nice well made quality is great
fithe the same good for these price
it got it dayssssss early! 4 to be exact! love it.
love it!
súper, excelente
liked the soft color of the pink.
1
product was what it was advertised to be.
love my bands.
fits great!
color is just like the picture, great quality as well.
buen producto, calidad y entrega.
was perfect!!!
perfect!
great color and quality band. love it!
really liked this band !
decent quality! looks great with my 38mm black apple watch
very good
high quality
it’s really soft and comfortable
works great!
amazing and so comfortable!! i have 3 colors and ordering more now.
fits perfect ! got exactly what i was excepting !
great band! great fit!
great deal
looks great and is very comfortable!!
great delivery time. great price and quality
great texture, it looks original. love it!
great watch bands easy on and off
easy to put on, great price and look!
love this band!!!!  very comfortable and great quality🤗
i liked the fast service and the product.
excelent product !
love this cooor and the way it wears
great product. feels and looks just like the authentic apple watch band!
service, just what i wanted
just like the original!
loved the watch bands
great bands. only thing was the pink was way too pink not blush. u can see the difference in color between original and the on in this pack
i love my new colored watch band. good quality too
love it very comfortable and the color spot on!
nice color and fit great
perfect
feel just like an apple brand. great product
my daughter loves it. great product
perfect! exactly what we wanted!
great
best band for the price!
it was exactly what i thought it would be
perfect thank you
great!
love it! great color and just like the apple one! gorgeous!
good quality!
very well made, good material and versatile.
great product! just as good as the real apple band, but with a much better price!
like the color. exactly what i wanted.
fits and feel great. nice color...great price...
arrived fast! looks great
easy to put on and stay on
it came as expected.
this band is amazing! especially for the price!
really happy with my purchase thank u
love the fit and look!
very nice and good quality
very nice and gentle, recommended
great product
love the color!!
great product! as advertised
love it!! exactly what i wanted when i ordered!!
awesome material and fit! i’m buying another one
i like all the color varieties.
fits great!
love the feel of the band.
good job
love iu
looks like the original one
exelent product 😎😎
fits perfect fast delivery very cute
loved it! looks really good with the rose gold face!
good product
great product and service.
my son loves the watch bands. the colors are interchangeable and easy to use.
great quality and more secure than my original band!
perfect!
great band!!! pretty color!
fit great and are comfortable
👍
the band is amazing!
love this product! very stylish and i got my money’s worth.
these are exactly as stated. they fit perfectly and are very comfortable. i love them
👍
great product!
great quality. no issues this far.
the band fit perfectly! i am very pleased!
as advertised
great fit great quality!
the watch bands are great. a very good deal.
i really love the band.good quality and the shipping is fast.
loved them
fits and looks great!
perfect
exactly as advertised good quality fits my apple watch series 1
i love having the different color bands to swap out with.
perfect fit!  great value!
i like how the color was the true color online. feels light and soft.
fits perfectly, the order was completed on time so happy!
great fit and good quality
great product
great bands
i love it!! it fit perfectly
as described!
súper
it was everything it was supposed to be. very nice and good fit.
color was just what i wanted.
great product. met my expectations! would buy here again.
looks great
great product. exactly how described.
i love this band!
very happy with the quality and the price!
the watch band does what it is supposed to.
fast shipping! loved the white on black apple watch.
love love love it
love it!! looks exactly like picture!
one of my favorite bands! great quality and great price!
seems to work great !
works perfect
i liked that what i ordered, is what i received!
these are almost identical to the original apple band. love them.
good
great
exactly what i expected.
meh
i love the product. really soft and stylish
exactly as described.
love it!  i will be buying more!
perfect for what i’m looking for.
live the red color
looks great
wonderful bands
great buy
excelente artículo.
i am so happy with this purchase. fit perfectly and good quality.
great product fit was dead on.
so comfy and stylish
great quality!
these are great!!!! they fit perfect!
all of my items were perfect!  thank you.
the band was just like the original apple band. love it
great band for a great price. i’ll be back for more.
love it
arrived on time, as advertised
loved it and the color
its great. like the color and the price!
my daughter loves it. it's just what she wanted. thank you so much.😃
i love having all the colors for my different outfits.
i love it! fits great! will buy more!
fits well
great product..fast shipping. very satisfied
the band is just as good as apple, for 1/3 of the price.
fit perfectly
i love this band! it is comfortable and fits well!
so fresh and perfect! i will purchase additional bands.
like the fit and the color
good alternative and quality.+
great quality and great price
looks great with my space gray apple watch !!
fits great :)
excellent product good material .
excellent!!
love all the colors!  i change it up almost daily!
fits perfectly
great color choices.
awesome bands !
nice bands looks good on watch.
it’s what i expected. thanks
great
muy buen producto
love  me watch band  and much cheeper than the store
i love the band!
apple watch band
good products
true to color and size!
love all the colors
😻 in love with this product
love it.!!
it fit well and came in quickly
great but has a very strong plastic odor
i loveeeee my watch band ! thank you so much .
perfect totally recommend!!!
i really liked this item
feels just like the apple bands!!  great quality.
super soft and perfect fit!
great quality. exactly what i expected.
band is great! thank you!
it looks amazing with my apple watch !
stii testing wrist bands
love it!
great price and product!
my husband loves it!
♥️♥️♥️♥️
great variety
love this band. have already gotten lots of compliments.
these are great
love the new watch band. super comfortable and affordable!
for my apple watch. love it! fast shipping!
love all the colors to match my outfits. great quality!!!
excellent product ! i love all the colors , thank you
everything went smoothly.
awesome fit.
love this pink band!
great color
as picture shows
love my new bands and all the colors ❤️
love the texture of the band.
great band!
great sport band!
awesome!!!
great quality for the price!!
color
great color and fit!
they fit great. straight af
i love my band! great quality with a great price!
comfortable
fits as described
just what i was looking for.
just as described.
love the feel of band.. comfortable
love them!
great price, good quality.
fantastic!  exactly what i was looking to get!
looks, fits, and feels great!!
love this band!
this is really of good quality in very reasonable price
excellent just like original
just as good as the apple brand....highly recommend.
they’re great!
great product for price
👍
very comfortable and good quality
love
super cute and fits the watch perfect
great condition
like
fits perfect and very nice material!!! i love it!!
bueno
awesome!
it looks an fits great
great alternative to the apple bands.
perfect fit.  soft and very comfortable
love the watch band.
like it
me gusto
👍
perfect!
great band. great price
love it
good quality! looks great!
exactly what i wanted. fast delivery
perfect fit!
love the bright pink! exactly what i expected. great buy.
band fit nicely to my apple watch and the color looks great!
great quality, exactly as advertised.
enjoy all the colors
love the color
perfect fit with a great price tag!
like this product
just like they said
good quality
came exactly as expected!
great product for a good price.
love it!!
love the band!!
great
great band, and really fits with the apple watch
very good
love these
so cute!
just as good as apple
these were great! they were easy to take on and off.
good quality
love it!
great quality silicone,  cleans well.
great quality and packaging! will buy more!
love it!!!
very nice watch band.  feel is great too!
great product!! loved the band.
loved it!
very nice
i love my purchase just my color
great quality
love it
everything
great watch band
thank, their perfect
love it.
fits great, love the color, nice feel :)
good!
excellent brand
great
i love my band wear it everyday!
shipped fast ! looks great
exactly as pictured!
love it
great color
fast shipping. great quality!
great product very fast delivery
good
solid product
ordered pink and love it! will order more colors for sure.
exactly as pictured. great value.
fast shipping and product is great.
very happy with oroduct
amazing!!!
perfect fit. great price. love the colors.
quick delivery, exactly what i expected!
love the color and fit.
awesome product!
quality bands.
perfect
the great price for 8 bands!!
love it!
fits perfect. sleek and stylish.
pretty
great fit! nice quality
good quality and love the colors.
love it .
good quality
love it!
love it!
perfect ! thank you.
good quality
great looks like original
perfect fit and color
love it
love this band!!
i loved it
good quality!
great item!
love this watch band!!!
they look great, love the colors!
great quality and the color is perfect!
so pretty and comfy!
great product
great quality! love it!!
awesome! perfect color and size
delivered fast  described perfect
the colors
nice product
love it! fits perfectly
great
color
love it!
great!
colors are great, material is soft
love it!!!!
exactly what i expected, beautiful!!!
great quality and color selection.
great
love the color
love the colors good quality
nice quality band
color muy bonito
great
very good delivery time and good product
great quality and fits great!
nice
awesome
love it
colors were what i was expecting you
great quality!
it’s great!!  got here really fast!!
great product
very good
very good material i like so much
great!
great band!
couldn’t be happier ..👍🏻👍🏻
love it!
good quality, timely service
fantastic quality!
great quality
love it
love it !!
great quality for the price
the band is great!
perfect and a perfect price
it came fast and was a perfect fit.
👍
:)
awesome band
great price
well worth it!
love it
no problems. works well
comfortable, durable
i love it
great band.
me encantaron!!!
excelente
thank you
i love it 😍
love the color and quality seems good
looks great
love it, soft and stays in place
great color
love it!!!!
love it
very cute. as expected 🙏🏼♥️😍
fit perfectly
love them!
nice band , loved it
great !
good material
very nice !
great
great product!
good band!
excellent!!!
very durable
nice and beautiful
just perfect i love it.
yes i liked
work well with watch.
👍
love it
thanks
great!
good quality
great product
perfect
excellent product
like them
awesome product
i love it
👍🏾
great fit.
i purchased the ocean blue and pebbles colors.  the color is true to the site and the fit is perfect. very pleased overall. however be aware that the band does not have two pin as shown in the pictures. if that’s your main reason to buy this brand, please reconsider.
this band look very very close to my white apple band that my watch came with! the only difference i can tell is it feels different it actually feels softer and smoother then my apple band. and it’s also a tad bit thinner which i actually prefer because i have the 42mm watch and it looks a little bulky on my small wrist so the slight slimmer band actually looks better!. great product 👍🏻
i have a small wrist so i was looking for a smaller band for my watch.  this band was listed in two sizes so i got the smaller size.  the fit was just what i was looking for and the quality is great.  i will go back for more colors and i would recommend this item.
i have seen the apple watch bands in this peachy pink color and asked where the women had gotten them. they commented apple store.  i looked on amazon and found this band and am so pleased with the quality and color.  perfect match to the apple bands but not at their costs. shipped in 2 days.  thank you. love love love!!!!
got this 5 days ago. so far, i’m happy with it! it is a little bit thinner and thus more flexible than the apple band that came with my watch, so it’s been great. the color is not quite as bright as the photo, but still a great color.
i only gave this four stars because the band does collect a little dust, but outside of that they are beautiful colors and are really secure. i don't know what that double pin and tuck clasp, but my product didn't come with two silver pieces that go into the holes. don't know what as up with that but they are cute either way and i love them.
better quality than i expected. very similar to the one that comes with the watch. i love being able to switch it up in terms of bands/colors. can’t beat it for the price.
update: seller sent replacement bands and these work great.
awesome bands!! feel the same as the apple one i bought for $50.
i love these!  so glad i opted for these bands instead of some of the others.  they fit great and feel just like the band that came with my watch.
ok
very well made watch band that is very similar to my original apple band. well worth the cost to have different colored, well-made band options. would definitely order from here again.
love the color and feel of the product. it fits my apple watch nicely without sliding out too easily like some other brands. only complaint, i ordered a m/l band size and received the s/m band in m/l packaging. i will be exchanging it for the correct size.
great quality and cute color
comfort:
all i can say is that this is a great product for the price!  i've already bought two.  it is very hard to tell this apart from the apple version.  i've used an oem apple band for 3.5 years now and it has held up very well, so i have a good reference point for a long term comparison.  but, out of the box, this looks and feels like the real thing.  there is something different but i cant point to exactly what that is...is it thinner? not really.  is it narrower? no. is it less flexible? no.  does it feel cheap?  no.  does it fit perfectly? yes!  this strap feels very soft to the skin like an apple band, and looks great on my apple watch 4.  i'll see how it holds up long term (like 3 years), but for the price, i'll be ok if it lasts a year.
a fraction of the cost of an authentic apple watch band and you can barely tell the difference. fit perfectly and much cheaper. can't go wrong. one slight difference to the real thing is that this is more sticky or rubbery so sometimes if you wear a sweater, you will notice tiny strands of fabric on it, but nothing major.
love these watch bands. they are easy to install and remove so you can match the day’s outfit. the bands themselves are slightly thinner than apple’s but it doesn’t seem to be an issue. i have used them all except for the orange/red and my favorite one is the rose/burgundy one. a great deal for the price.
the colors are great and the bands fit well. they shipped quickly. you can’t beat what you get for the price. one band at apple costs you $50! here you get 8 for $30. the silicone is a bit thinner than the band from apple but i don’t mind it.
great products! it does feel a little bit thinner than the band from apple, but you won't really notice it.
i have only used the black band so far.  it’s a perfect replacement band for my rose gold 38mm apple watch.  the pink band looks much pinker in color than the original band.  great price for the bands and i definitely recommend them.
purchased these to go with the apple watch i bought my little sister. she loves them. they fit her well and comfortable while looking great with whatever outfit she chooses. there's a great selection of colors for this quality set of bands.
these bands are almost exactly like the original apple watch band.  they are easy to put on and very comfortable to wear.  i love the beautiful colors.  i am thrilled with my purchase.
can't go wrong with these watchbands! terrific price, great quality! i bought 3 of these (pink, navy, black). they are true to the colors shown online. i have a 6 1/2" - 7" wrist and ordered the small-medium. fits comfortably on either the third or 4th hole from the end of the watch band. the watchbands look and feel like the expensive ones sold from the apple. i plan to order more colors in the future.
fun to have so many colors...change daily to match outfits.  great price...good quality!  have have worn three out of eight.  so far, so good.
i got this apple watch band recently on an amazon lightning deal. it’s a good looking band for 5$.i love the color and it’s comfortable  . it’s a cute barbie pink color.
feels so similar to the apple branded bands. i was pleasantly surprised by the quality. hoping it holds up!
just got mine today and the color (barbie pink) is gorgeous! it’s definitely going to be my new go-to band!
i got a lightning deal on this and was so excited.  received 8 watch bands and they are excellent quality.  just like the true apple watch bands. easy to switch out, great quality, great price and good choice of colors.
i got these as a gift and love them! i actually like these better than the apple band that came with my watch because they’re thinner and less bulky feeling. i haven’t had any issues with them locking in place like other bands i’ve bought. the quality seems good, and it’s definitely a great deal for the price.
my new black band looks exactly the same as the original white apple band. feels great and does not feel like poor quality! i will never buy an apple band with how great this one is! i do feel like it runs a tad larger than the original
it’s amazing. this product is exactly like the apple watch bands. can’t tell the difference
the band was exactly what i was expecting.  the color is nice and it's comfortable.
very wonderful bands at a wonderful price.  i love the pastel colors that are included.
love this! it’s a great band if you want to swap out the color of your current band!
great purchase- seems identical to the one i bought at apple but way more affordable!
very nice. even some of the color i don’t like it, but i still think it’s worth it.
just received this band, it fits really well, looks exactly like the original a bands.  i have the pink sand color, gorgeous.  so far very pleased hope they make a melon color, will definitely purchase more.  will update if i have any issues with the band.
strong color, as pictured, very cute!
color was darker than expected but i still like it.
great color- will order pink the next time. fit perfectly.
very nice but the color is not true to the picture. it’s very nice but i wanted the pale color as shown in the pic.
nice bands. work great with my series 3.
my apple watch love the color
buena calidad
just as good as the real apple watch band.  the band is comfortable and the lock is secure, which hasn't always been true with apple watch bands that i have purchased from other companies.  i would highly recommend these watch bands!  plus, the price is very reasonable.  worth the money!!!
the watch band feels so comfortable. when i wear a blouse in this color, the watch band really looks great.
much better price than purchasing bands from apple and works just as good!
love, fits perfectly. very reasonable price for what you get.
this band is very well made and comfortable
loved the color, fits my watch nicely and was very inexpensive.
love these!!
i received the white band as a gift for my apple watch. i was pleasantly surprised by how nice it is! it is just as nice looking as the original band from apple and is the correct size that i was expecting.
good quality, nice color, a great deal for the price.
they are identical to the original apple version. no problems at all.
quality if excellent and fit is perfect!
this fits my apple watch perfectly! love the color combination of the white band to my rose gold watch! wore this all summer!!
i purchased several colors of these in a flash sale - they are identical to the ones sold in the apple store for 5 times the price. i’m going to buy one in every color!!
purchased two watch bands, blue and pink received one for $7 and the second for $5..both fit my apple watch perfectly!
fantastic
quality is almost same as the original apple brand bands
very happy
love these bands ! great seller
save yourself 95% and get these bands instead. you will not be disappointed.  they are identical to the apple store ata f action of the price. i can not tell the difference.
the quality of these bands are fantastic. same sizing as the one that came with the watch. i wish they had more colors!
love this watchband!  compared to the original apple it is hard to tell the difference.  it fits great on my wrist and i will definitely purchase one in black.
bands are perfect! colors look exactly as they are posted. i would definitely recommend getting these for the price of an eight pack you would only buy one off of apple’s website.
great color, price and quality.
high quality, colors are just like the photo. feels just like the apple brand bands.
this was for my daughter for her birthday and she loves it. it came sealed in the apple box just like if i had purchased from a store. true to what i paid for.
love it.  looks just like the ones from apple.
love the color of the band. was exactly as expected.
fits wrist perfect for small wrist
they seem to be very compatible with the watch. bands seem to be a little slimmer that the original. fit is good. good deal for the money.
bought as a replacement for a torn silicone strap. daughter loves the look and feel!
product is great, great sizing, and colors match. i would definitely recommend buying these, they look and feel like the apple brand! great buy!
love the 8 color choices.
bought the band in black and white, i absolutely love it!  just like the one from the apple store for a much better price.
got it for a great price and can’t complain
loved it! in my opinion, it was better than the original bands the watch comes with!
i love my iphone sports watch  band ! color is perfect!
very satisfied.  quality and price are great!
love my new watch band at such a great price. perfect fit for my 38 mm apple watch.
received these today. exactly what i was hoping for!  perfect fit. excellent quality. love the colors. good price. i would recommend.
it’s perfect, exactly what i expected and right on time. great price and product. price is right too!!!
love this band, it’s a pretty color and fits great. great quality as well, doesn’t feel cheap
fast delivery. good product
love it! just like the original bands that come with the apple watch. shipping was prompt.
it's a bright pink, but i love it! (barbie pink)
yes the product  meet my expectations i’ll be ordering all my bands from y’all. thanks a lot!!
got it when promised and my neice loved it!
great value. nice variety of colors.
love the color. haven’t worn it yet..
great product
love this band.
excellent band and even better price!
quick shipping. amazing product!!! great quality
great bands. fast shipping. love all the colors.
excellent quality. it met my expectations.
fits perfectly. exactly what i wanted!
love it and the price
the s/m barely fit me. otherwise worth the money.
very niiiiiice!
good deal
great buy! colors are pretty exact and fits just like the original band.
very nice watch band. feels great and looks great!!
comparable to apple brand
liked it so much i ordered a spare, a different color and one for my daughter.
comfy and cute
it fits perfect.
love the look and feel
perfect! great value.
love it!
great
arrived fast and are soft friend loved her gift😊
good quality, good price
happy with my purchase
great product
very comfortable
great colors and great mimic of actual bands.
fit perfectly
great exactly as described
nice comfortable fit, easy to change.
just as good as the name brand
great quality !!! and love all the colors .
she loved it... for my mom
good quality
love!
the bands are very nice, but if you have sensitive skin you should stick to the original bands from apple. i wore the stock sport band for 1 year with no problems. i went to the store to buy a new band ended up being a cheapo and headed over to amazon for a “better deal” i usually don’t play with my skin, but this time i took a gamble and lost. i’m giving 4 stars because it’s not the sellers fault but for people with sensitive skin like me it is not worth the risk.
worth the price. this is my 4th silicone watch band bought for the apple watch from several manufacturers. they are basically in the $10-$15 range. treat them like non-precious earrings that look cute, but, are not built to last 6 months if worn every day. cheaper price means cheaper materials and imprecise fit. a man on a riding horse could not tell the difference from the apple brand. still functional. metal parts are usually not stainless steel. i would not submerge in water. i just toss and replace when they rust.
i got the light blue & it’s a lot lighter irl. it’s also not as tough as the authentic apple band, it’s flimsy i guess. it was kind of hard to get on but now that it’s on i love it & i can’t tell that it’s not authentic. only giving it 4/5 because one of the pieces fell off when i was trying to snap it in, but i was able to fix it
solid apple watch band replacement.  i bought 2 of these for my niece who just got an apple watch.  they seem very similar to the sports band made by apple.  the construction is a strong silicone with a good metal button clasp, there are also rubber “feet” at the end of each band to secure the strap to the watch.  overall a very good product!
this was a gift for a coworkers birthday.  she loves how soft this is.  she loves the brightness of the pink.
i had bought a red strap from apple at the time of my watch purchase. these are a bit thinner but nice colors. i am very happy with the product. i still have to see how they hold up.
it works fine and had no problems putting it on.  the color i’d have to say is a shade darker than the picture.  the color described is definitely the color of the band; pink sand
i love this! receive a lot of compliments! feels like the same material the bands already come in! i don't get any reactions like other people are stating and i've been using it for a few months now
love this for alternative summer band - wish i had read the description more carefully. it is a plus sized band. i'm wearing anyway, but on the tightest notch.
excellent bands for apple watch. i love them. you cant tell the difference from the original ones. they are also at a very good price. try them, you will love them.
love it! it really changed the look of my watch! my watch is silver and delicate and the band works just like the original band! great item
i first bought pink sand color, i liked it so much i bought 2 more color! turquoise color and white.  fits good feels good on your wrist.
i like it a lot.  it is a little darker pink than i expected but what i was looking for.  almost identical to the apple version for a lot less money.
the quality of this product is equivalent to that of the apple band. same softness and thickness. the color is a hot pink and beautiful. it looks wonderful on my wrist!
works perfectly with my daughter's apple watch.  no issues and speedy shipping.
good, and love colors. good quality.  own three.
great band for a great price!  super comfy and nice.
i like it and use this everyday and have not had a problem with it.
the sport wrist band arrived on time and as described.
fit's like a glove and super bright white!
this is a great band! i love the color!
great products for the price.
love it want more colors!!!
quality seems ok for the price, fits perfectly and looks cool!!!
as advertized. great product, fast service.  will definately buy again.
i love the color and it matches the description....
color is perfect.
exactly as described
fits nicely...just like the original band that came with the watch.
just like the ones that apple sells. excellent quality and price!
go on easy and is a great color
great price
nice, soft pink!
very good quality of product
ok
love them
look nice
i like the watch band a lot
good quality and the wife loves it
love them!!! fit perfect and really happy with the colors!
is a good product and fit correctly on the iwatch.
works perfect!
it looks great
great bands would love if they had more colors! just like apple band great price!
perfect
decent quality for the price. will order other colors.
good product
love them they r great
i absolutely love this band! i always get asked where i purchased the band! looks like the actual bands apple sells for a fraction of the price! i will be ordering more!
sturdy a nice band
love it! looks and feels great! shipping was super fast too!
bought them for my wife, she loves them! can now color match with outfits! thanks
looks just like the picture, super cute, love the color! i have a small wrist and it fits perfect!
this band is super comfy and great if you work out. it doesn’t absorb the sweat odor and cleans easily! along with a new apple watch face number my old apple watch look new! love it!
they are nearly the same as the band that came with the watch. i love the variety of colors! i’ve gotten compliments on them and it has definitely been worth the money. added today’s choice: midnight blue with rose watch
i love the variety of colors but it's a little bit thinner than the original apple products.  well, i got what my money's worth if not more.
i read all the reviews on these before i purchased them and i’m so glad i did. the colors are great and they are really nice bands!  i can’t wait till they have more colors. i will buy this brand again!
this is so pretty and so soft
great product, good quality.
very hood. replacement band in an apple watch. would buy again .
love this colour , feels comfortable on my wrist ..😀
good quality and decent price.
love the color
it fit perfect. was a very bright white which was exactly what i wanted and it arrived in lightning speed. thanks
love this! looks and feels like the one from apple . can’t beat it for the price!
just as described!
i love this band!
good choice
this band is soft and comfortable i luv it and i change it out with my other band.
it is a great wristband for a great price! i am in love with them all...i bought several and am very happy!
awesome deal! i love the colors and the fact that i’ll be able to change them to match my outfit.
good
product exceeded my expectations! very nice fit, smooth texture, and looks perfect.
i received the bands i ordered. nice. thanks. the white one is my favorite. the pink is darker than shown
fits well. just what i wanted
love the light blue color! great quality, feels exactly like my apple sports band.
great buy! these bands are exactly as described. the fit is great as well as the quality.
everything is fine
good
it honestly is better than the original apple band
nice bands, fit perfectly and great quality. definitely the best apple band replica out there.
wonderful product with super fast shipping!
great item and super fast shipping
looks just like the apple bands
muy buena calidad!
good material!! and fit very good!!!
beautiful and quality product, i recommend.
great, quality product! fast delivery, thanks!
awesome band great price
excellent
very quick service and a quality product!
me encantó la calidad!
good quality !
the product was great! exactly as expected
they are very nice
goes perfectly
very nice watch band
good quality. fit perfectly, definitely worth it.
excellent !!
it's good
i love it
so far so good!
amazing
i purchased these in almost every color. absolutely love them and especially the price. they are durable and great quality. they literally feel exactly like my original apple one. i was a little worried about getting white, for fear that it would stain or hold onto color, but i have been pleasantly surprised that it has not stained and it's probably the color i wear the most! definitely would recommend getting one, or a few!!
bands fit well with my apple watch.
for the price, this band is great! it was easy to put on and it looks like one of the more expensive apple made bands.
the strap is just like apple's version of it and i'm so glad that the price is not even half of that! absolutely pleased with my purchase and would most likely get another one in a different colour.
excellent
liked all the colors did not had a problem getting all the belts or not matching the colors they are all the same as  shown on the picture, fast delivery comfortable to use will recommend it.
just like the apple band! love the color! definitely will re purchase in the future in more colors
love my new apple watch bands and all the pretty colors!
this band looks great, no discolouration, and fits perfect!
perfect!!
as advertised. great bands and price. fast shipping.
love the variety  great quality
love the variety of colors
loved it!!!
they fit perfect just like as if it was from apple
i give them five stars
i like the colors. it is very sturdy.
love this band. very comfortable and works great. fit perfectly.
these bands seem to work fine and look great. the pastel colors are just what i was looking for. and these were shipped very fast. i recommend them!
nice
love it
exactly what i was looking for.
these bands are just like the band that comes with the apple watch.
a great variety of colors. the bands fit.
it was priced fairly and it is what i ordered.  don
i am very pleased with my new watch bands!
i combined half of this band with half of a purple band. most people don't notice, but the ones who do universally compliment me on the resulting look. pink and purple are my too favorite colors, and they look great together as a watch band :)
looks great and just as comfortable as the original apple bands.
people are constantly asking me where i got my band and are always complementing me on it!! and the prices beat apples by a long shot!
very nice band for the price
i haven't yet worn all eight bands, but the ones i have are great. it's so cool to be able to switch looks so easily and without spending a fortune. i plan to gift similar ones to my hubby for xmas. i will say that although they appear to be in good shape (no cracks, nice surface etc), they don't feel exactly like the original apple band and it's impossible to say right now if they will last as long. but for the price and the variability i'm thrilled.
looks great, worth the price!
arrived on time,  colors are as pictured, strap measurements matches that of apple, silicone soft to touch and not too bulky.
quick shipping, exactly as advertised!
great quality bands!!
love it, very comfortable
i bought the assorted 8 pack and am so happy with them. i was nervous about using bands that weren't apple products but couldn't bring myself to pay $50/band. these are high quality and so inexpensive! after using these there is 0% chance i would ever purchase an apple band- these are almost exactly the same!! to be honest, i actually like these better because they're slightly more flexible and fit my smaller wrist better. the colors are great and i am so happy with this purchase.
they looks of the watch band has met my expectations. the value of the product has exceeded my expectations. i’m very happy to find something do reasonably priced that looks and works great !
it’s good!
fit perfectly on the apply watch, comfortable, exactly as you would except and hope for in a band!
it’s very soft rubber. i love it and have no complaints.
i absolutely love these bands! i have 5 now, and they’re just as good as the original one from the watch!  great color selection too, seriously if your looking for a new band go with this one!!
loved it
great color assortment.  soft & flexible.  love them!
i like the colors
happy with what i received,
great product so far.  very happy!
this band is perfect. the price is right and it is just like the band that came with the apple watch. have have bought many different colors.
does what i need it to
the bands are very close to the band i got with my apple watch. would purchase again...
texture is different than apple, but that is to be expected for the price. fits great, feels secure, and color is as pictured. would absolutely buy again - can't beat the price.
loved them!!!
love the color! very pleased with purchase & highly recommend.
just received this today. changed it out, looks nice and feels good. only thing is, the edges on the base of the watch are a little janky and stick out a little. but this is pretty good for the price.
i just got these about a week or so ago. i love the colors. they are super comfortable. i have really sensitive skin, and i have not had the problem some of the other folks have had with the metal causing a rash. i am allergic to nickel, and gold rings with high nickel content as well as earrings that are not high gold, silver or stainless steel will cause a severe allergic reaction for me. no problem with the watches. durable, comfortable, fit very well, vibrant colors, fit perfectly on the apple watch... couldn't ask for better product.
i ordered this for my wife and she loves them. they are comfortable and easy to change. she wears her watch to swim and these bands last really well. i'll definitely be ordering more colors for her.
nice! just as expected!
would highly recommend.
nice fit, easy to clean and easy on the wallet.
fits perfect. great quality. color is a little more pastel then showed in the picture, but still great! picture shows the pink band. would purchase again.
great product especially for the price
these bands are exactly what i was looking for. they’re, soft and comfortable.
nice band perfect fit for small wrist
good quality
good value. was concerned that the pin might not be long enough to secure the band but seems to be ok. just started wearing the band
the color of the band is really compatible with my rose gold color watch! i love it and get so many compliments.
just as good as the band from apple at a much cheaper price!
high quality for the price. nice colors.
the bands are exactly as described. nice variety of colors. very comfortable to wear.
these bands are very high quality and comfortable! excited i can change them to a different color every day.
love the colors.
i purchased this to replace my worn out apple watch strap and i couldn't even notice that it wasn't made by apple.
i like this product will order more colors.
love being able to change up the style of my watch to match my wardrobe. easy to install and seem durable
the color selection is awesome, they look almost identical to the name brand, and they're very comfortable. it did smell really bad when i took it out of the package, but i washed it with just dish soap and water which got rid of a majority of the smell. definitely purchasing more!
great quality.
just as expected!
i love having to option to change bands colors so easily!
comfortable and priced right!
i love my wrist band! came earlier then expected date! will be buying more in different colors!
many companies make copies of this popular band but, they fall short on the design. this company got it right!!! awesome band perfect fit. not to big and bulky. extremely comfortable... no getting use to it... like some other brands. the silicon is very soft. i highly recommend this watch band, you won’t be disappointed.
i love this band.  for the price, you cannot beat it!
good price
just as described
excelente
awesome. just as described.
the watch is made very well and feels exactly like the original apple watch bands.  i'm not in love with the color and will probably give to someone else since it would cost to much to exchange.
omg! i have been wanting to buy bands for my apple watch but was hesitant, but  i am glad i got these. beautiful colors, quality and easy to clean!
it was the perfect first band for my apple series 1 42 mm watch.
that same as original
looks just like the original apple band and a fraction of the price. it doesn’t look “cheap” as many would say.
this is literally like the original apple straps that were included when first buying an apple watch. honestly it’s a great bargain, i would recommend it to anyone looking for new apple watch straps. you can’t best the price and they feel/fit exactly the same.
the bands are perfect for my hands and it looks exactly like apple’s.
looks and feels just like my original apple watch band!
nice fit. i only like some of the color out of the 8 pcs rec'd.
pleased with the quality of this watch band for my apple watch and the speed with which it was received.
great price and love them!
product is as advertised
i love the color and the size is really perfect!!!
great product! exactly what i was looking for
love it!
great quality and good colors.
great product my wife was very happy and fit really good i’ll recommend to everyone thank you
these are great bands  good quality and great colors.
quality is good and good value for money compared to buying from stores
cheap but really good
absolutely love it
i only like the metal with the magnet kind before but once i tried this i’m completely in love. fits great doesn’t move and bret part doesn’t lose its color after wear.
very durable
these bands are comfortable snd stylish... anf yoj have options! nice!
great product!!
fits great
these are almost just like the apple bands. the light pink i ordered is only slightly a different shade from the original it came with. i ordered these when my toddler misplaced my original band, and i didn’t want to fork over the money to buy a new one. the sizing is great and just like the original bands. other than the color not matching 100%, they seem to be good bands! definitely worth the price.
wears great! i have a very small wrist and the s/m fits perfectly!
loved the colors.  i finally found a turquoise that is truly turquoise!
this band is just as comfortable as the one that came with my apple watch and the material seems just as durable, too!  i am happy with the color, too!
fast shipping, amazing product! a+
awesome selection of colors. would like to see some more versatile prints and designs.
easy to clean and colors match the pictures. i switch between different bands weekly, however i use the black band when i am at work. i have a very physical job and the band holds up nicely, no rips or tears and it doesn’t come undone and fall off either.
it fits just right. had a similar one from a different vender/ maker that just broke.
this was exactly what i was looking for.  the bands fit nicely and offer good color combos.
love the colors. just like apple bands. high quality.  liked them so much i bought a set for my daughter.
very comfortable
great price !
i am in the pool a lot and this goes with many of my swimsuits.
excelente
excellent
running
love the bands. very durable and perfect fit.
exactly as expected! great!
better than a brand name..
looks and feels exactly like the silicone band you get from apple. fit was perfect and color was spot on. exactly what i wanted and the price was right.
great
love this band. it looks and feels just like the apple brand bands.
