purchased this band for my husband to cover up the pink apple watch that was handed down to him. it works perfectly to cover up the pink and the band is sturdy. easy to install, only took a couple minutes total. would recommend to anyone looking for a durable band for their apple watch.
case (and band) are nice - makes for a tactical look which i like, and it’s not too beefy but it definitely does protect the watch in addition to being highly water resistant (tried it diving into a pool and it came out bone-dry). my only complaint is that it broke - the thin plastic around vent holes on the left hand side cracked and broke while i was taking the case on and off. for $65 i bought a second one, but now that i know to be careful with it, if it breaks again i’m changing my rating to 1 star. $10 iphone screen protectors i expect to not last long, but for $65 i was a little disappointed.
love it worth every penny, got this to be able to have calls text and emails while riding jet skis 100% waterproof to the point where when it’s dury i just wash it i ended up keeping it on!!
this product worked great while running a spartan race. the only thing i don’t like about it is putting it on and taking it off. you need a small, tiny screw driver and it doesn’t cover the screen so you still need a screen protector!
i bought this case for both me and my wife to protect our watches during spartan races.  i like the over all design and protection.  i did have an issue with the case cracking on the side after about a month or so but after contacting catalyst and explaining what happened they very quickly sent out a replacement.  so 5 stars for customer service also.  thanks
works well. keeps the watch protected well. the only downside is it somewhat muffles the speaker. so during phone calls you sound like you’re very far away. other than that it’s an excellent protective case.
i’ve only had this for a few days but i’m really liking it. i’m disappointed they didn’t offer a waterproof band for a 38mm series 1 watch. they don’t recommend this band for a series1 but i was in desperate need. so far it’s working great. i’m going scuba diving this weekend-not sure if i will attempt to wear it then but it would be nice if i could. overall i’m happy with my purchase.
haven’t tried out water resistant feature yet but i love this case cause i don’t feel like i need to be careful with my watch when i workout. the only thing is i don’t know how to take the band off to switch it so i’ll have to google it.
love this case! light weight and durable.  will order one for my phone too.  getting the gasket right was a tad annoying  but worth the effort.
i got this case a little over a week ago, and it’s been amazing. the way it feels, looks and conforms to the watch makes it look great. it’s the perfect accessory if your an outdoorsy and workout lover like me. i would highly recommend and the price is perfect for something that is such god quality.
i like the watch protection for sports. unfortunately the casing cracked on the side and they replaced it quickly. good customer service! thanks.
it was exactly as advertised, it was easy to put the apple watch in the case and all necessary tools an part was provided. though the screws are small to make sure when switching into the case that if you drop a screw it can easily be found.
i love being able to put this water proof case in during the summer. that way a quick jump in the pool or a trip to the beach i don’t have to worry about my watch. this case is the best! i bought one for my husband too!
i like the most that i could use it on my vacation in jamaica. the least that i liked was taking it a part.
side casing cracked when attempting to remove the watch per the instructions. a replacement was sent, the watch case does everything it should. it just seems it maybe a good idea to never remove it from the case.
i used it for work and no matter what i do to it my watch is protected.
great feel and protection, just a bit hard to depress the side round button.  i had to add a piece of paper as a shim
five stars as of right now. it’s like an otter box for the watch. feels very durable and built to last. i’m in fire and ems so i wanted to be able to protect my investment from strikes and such.
the water did  work for my water to keep water from damaging.  there was a small piece that broke. i contacted the company and they sent me a new band very quick. supper satisfied.
just as it says!
returning, buy by mistake. wrong size
great product to fully protect apple watch. it is worn 24/7 and i have had no issue with it.
amazon delivered late. got the case, and it’s working great so far! it’s very comfortable on my wrist.
great quality.
it is a great case for the iwatch.
my husband loves it, good purchase.
is there a screen protector that fits with the catalyst?
great watch case. very useful for water proof ness
great product and very durable.
great works wonders
i love this !!!!!
it’s cool fit perfect
works great.
i really like the look and the product. however within 24 hours of use it got a mean scratch in it just from normal wear. (i’m not a construction worker i don’t deal with scenarios that are extreme. ) but nonetheless my 70$ case has a big old white scratch on it. guess it’s better than it being on the watch itself... picture doesn’t really do it justice.
fit the watch perfect, isn’t bulky
love the case overall, but was disappointed to find out it wasn’t totally enclosed. i’m super nervous about taking my watch in water because it’s not totally enclosed
great for people who work outside.
it is a christmas gift for my daughter in law. she actually picked it out.
used it for our spartan ocr races. held up well.
grear fit
i purchased the 42mm brown leather watch band. it was exceptionally easy to install, and i didn't even use the enclosed micro-screwdriver. it took less than 2 minutes to remove the old band and replace it with the maxjoy. the maxjoy fit perfectly. the leather is a bit stiff which was not unexpected. i think some saddle soap or leather conditioner will soften it as add some protection against stains. overall i'm very pleased. in fact, i'm considering ordering several more in alternative styles and colors. i had no idea it was so easy to swap out the band.
i bought this for my apple watch as the color is army green. because of this band my watch got a different appeal and looking beefy and manly rather than puny. i like the quality of this band. when it's taken out of the box the band was stiff but slowly with the usage it gets flexible and feels like nylon band. i recommend this band if you need manly appeal
if you are looking for a watch band that makes you stand out from the crowd, then you are in the right place.the reason why i bought this band, it’s for the unique color and design.the watch band is  exactly like shown on picture and as described. i really love the color and unique design of it. initially the material of the band is stiff and difficult to get buckled on.however, this can be easily fix by bending the band a few times, which will soften and adjust to your wrist. for the price paid, i am really satisfied with the design and the material. if you have small wrist like me this can be an issue. i adjusted it to the last notch on the band and it slides around a little bit, but it doesn’t bother me at all. the band is easy to install and remove like any other watch band on the market. no tools are needed and it comes with a strong clasp and a stainless steel adapter to lock onto your apple watch securely.  overall, i highly recommend it; the watch band looks highly fashionable and feels comfortable and durable for reasonable price.
the good
i’m always looking for different watch bands to dress up my apple watch more than the standard sport band.  this band looks professional, has good reviews and a good price so i figured i’d give it a try.
i like the look.  it definitely gives the apple watch a more rugged appearance.  i have the green.  mine had some stray threads that were easy enough to snip off.  the pin that connects the strap to the watch connector was also disconnected when it arrived.  i had a tool to reconnect it.  it hasn't come apart, again.  you have to wash the strap from time-to-time if you're active.  it absorbs sweat and then eventually develops an odor.  of course, that can occur with a steel wristband, as well.  it is stiff but it eventually shapes to your wrist.
looks great! has a very good quality nylon feel and the small details of the black leather also adds to the perceived value and look of the strap.
bravo! exactly what i was looking for. this nylon band locks up tight to my apple watch series 1 and feels very sturdy. i am very pleased with the fit, finish and quality of materials used. will be buying another nylon band in a different color soon. i highly suggest buying any of them, you will not be disappointed. if things change, i will edit this review.
fits great! washed it a few times when it starts to hold in some of my sweat. slightly frayed at the end from constant use but overall not a big deal.
a good heavy band for my apple watch. the plastic band that came with the watch made my arm sweat and this one does not or at least absorbs the sweat.
one of the best watch bands i’ve purchased. makes my watch feel more like a watch now. goes great with my spigen tough armor case for the apple watch 2
the band looks and feels great. it is easy to install just like any apple watch band. only thing i can say bad is the material it is made of smells bad when it collects the sweat from your arm underneath. not sure if it can be removed and washed without ruining it. but i may try that next. other than that very happy with it
this band works great for me. i am a outdoors person. i wear my watch 24-7 other than to charge it. i work and play with this watch band on. it is still holding up great. it is very durable, has strong stitching, locks into the apple watch face securely. buckle sets into the band very well, the band also dries quickly when it gets wet. i would buy this band again and again.
great watch band!!! the clip broke that fastens the watch band and the seller is sending me a new one. a great seller that stands behind their product. i love the band and looks great with my apple watch and still tougher than the band that comes with it. great for bluecollar workers it won’t get all nasty under it when you sweat unlike the rubber one. great product!
nice well built band. works as expected.  looks good too.
so my last leather band broke so i decided to try a different type of band. this nylon band is awesome! comfortable, the band durable against a teething toddler. i work at a hospital in the clinical setting and it gets beat up on a lot, but still looks brand news highly recommend.
very good quality
nice color. i got the olive drab. band has started to fray a little. haven’t had it that long. still nice for the price i guess
i had two of them in a different watches , so far this is my favorite ! quality and style are perfect , thanks !
i really like this band, it has become my favorite out of all the bands i have. awesome look, very strong but flexible at the same time. i will be buying the green one soon. awesome band!!!
runs a little big
simply awesome the best one i’ve bought yet. i bought my son one who is a united states marine and it goes great with his alpha uniforms. thanks for a great product.
great product  described perfectly
this black apple watch brand exceeded my expectations in many ways. the material used to make this band feels very sturdy and high-quality. i bought the fabric kind because i think it's a great way to prevent scratches on the band. it's also stylish! the price of the band is also very affordable rather than forking up a bunch of $$ at the apple store. it adds a bit of different texture and style to my black apple watch. i'm glad i purchased this because it will be put into good use and can add a stylish touch. it's also a great gift for someone who has an apple watch!
nice band for the price. strong and durable great look. highly recommended
fits and feels great
great band!!
product is a described.  feels and looks great.
my 18 year old son loves it. seems very durable only had it about a month.
starting to fray on one of the band loops
strong durable wristband and it looks great. the only con is its a bit too stiff and i cant seem to break it in throughly.
this product literally surprised me. i was expecting very low quality material, and breaking pieces like some people write on this review. this is my new favorite look for my apple watch.
great product. easy to install and looks tough.
does what it says.
awesome wrist band, a little stiff but breaks in quick. real tough and sturdy, i dont see my self changing my band for a while
i have this band for a couple of weeks i love it! the style and sturdiness of it is great. would recommend it.
great looking band. but it's a little stiff so it'll take some time to break in. overall very good and worth it for the price.
little stiff at first, but great buy.
it was very stiff when i first got it, once it was broke in it is very comfortable.
perfect!
best
graet a 1
excelente
before the apple watch. i was a big collector of watches. one of my favorite watch was a black one that had the olive band. i wanted the olive band that came with the series three watch but where i bought it from it was not an option. and i don’t feel like paying 50 or more dollars to get different watch bands. it fits the groove smoothly and stays locked in. it is a little stiff but i’m sure that will wear down after some time. really like the way that this band looks with the black buckle. definitely recommend this band to anyone that likes this color or style of watch band.
😃
beautiful, lovely leather. so happy i bought this. highly recommend.
little difficult to install, but works well.
comfortable and durable, but wouldn’t recommend it for the water proof watch. took too long to dry and felt uncomfortable wet.
good fit, durable, looks great, receive many compliments.
i love this band. it looks great and it feels tough. to be honest i was very concerned about the purchase after reading the reviews but i have had none of those issues they described. the pins feels tight on my watch band and i have had no issues with that. i will say that the parts that connect to the watch itself feel loose compared to the factory bands but it holds just fine and i have no concern of my band letting go of the watch.  if i develop any of these issues, i will alter my review but it is a 4 star band with no connectors. this band is great and i’ll just order new connectors to keep it in that case
bought this for my husband and paired it with the smiling apple watch case. they work great together. the nylon is thick but still flexible, the leather accents are subtle but he can still wear it to his office and it doesn't look out of place. we had to replace the original iwatch band because it started to delaminate. he says as this one wears it will just look better and have that worn-in look to it, like a nice pair of jeans.
i love this product. the first time it was delivered, it was defective, but the seller replaced it for me and i’m now very satisfied.
this band looked amazing and of great quality however it was just to long for my husbands wrist. i only have 4 stars for that reason and suggested a possibility of length options in the future. the company then took the time to email me back and even send a different style to try. i can’t say anything bad about the experience!
everyone looks at this watch band and thinks it’s an expensive, classy watch. i get many compliments on it and it’s my favorite one i own. at first the band was quite stiff, but with daily wearing i was able to break it in without much fuss. i wear it all the time and i love it!
the band looks great. build quality is fantastic
this is my favorite band so far. i'm an apple watch band collector and this is probably the 12th band i've bought on amazon and absolutely my favorite. the leather is soft and comfortable and the color is great too.
wonderful watch band made out of strong leather. love the strong clasp. very nice easy to install just snaps on the watch. highly recommend this and a cheaper alternative then going to apple and spending more money on a equivalent.
as others have noted, it's super stiff at first.  i tried wearing it a few times, but it really is stiff (and strong).  so, today i put the strap (not the watch) in a bowl with hot water and fabric softener and left it in for a couple of hours.  dried it out in the sun, and voila, a nice, soft, but strong strap!  perfect!
great quality band for my 38 mm apple watch. love the black leather around the green material. great fit and look when i want the sport band look.
great band, well made and looks good. receive many compliments both at work and when out for a night on the town while strolling down the avenue.
great band for those who sweat a lot for their work. it’s a little stiff at first but once you wear in it, it’s great.
i like the band overall. seems well made and i like the look of it. however the part that attaches to the watch is a little too long and maybe too thin. it does slide around some within the watch.
super nice band, i could not get used to it as i have very small wrists and the band is very stiff.
i really loved how it looked.  i was worried at first after i read some of the reviews but i took a chance and i’m happy i did. its an awesome product. looks and feels durable.
the olive green looks great with a black apple watch . it’s nice durable quality !
very strong and well made. it is comfortable and looks like it will last a lifetime.
well made stiff at first but working it back and forth helps.
5 out of 5! very easy to instal, it's aesthetically pleasing! quality is pretty good, except that it's a bit stiff. anyway, i am quite happy with this purchase!
i love this. just as pictured. i have a larger wrist so the default apple band ket coming undone. this is simply amazing
straight forward
my husband loves this band, gets lots of compliments on it.
band is decent quality for the price and definitely looks great.
not much to say. i love it!
love it
overall really good and stylish. after about a month of daily use it begins to smell a little funky.
this is awesome. once the leather relaxed - it is very comfortable.
great sturdy band. looks expensive and fits comfortably on wrist. great for thicker wrist person who wants a longer band. i would recommend this product
it looks nice and is easy to put on. it’s comfy and durable. i might buy a spare.
absolutely love it !!
looks perfectly on my apple watch and attaching it was extremely easy. i was able to replace my watch band in less than 1 min. only time will well on it's durability, but so far the apple watch band look great, no fraying or itchiness. i would gladly buy this band again, it's worth it.
the black leather is excellent.  you will find it to be very stiff from the onset. that is a good thing as the longer it takes to break in the leather the better it will wear.  i have been wearing mine for about 30 days and it still in the break-in period.  another bonus is that it looks like good quality with detailed stitching.
muy agradecido y conforme par mi uso personal gracias
great watch band!
just arrived 10/31/17. amazing 2 day shipping as always. look, it’s not a top of the line band, it’s not going to make your apple watch feel like you just spent $200 on a band. this band is a perfect fit. it is more of a plastic like feel than rubbery. definitely creates more of a “bulky” look however it seems as though the overall weight of the watch is less. watch is secure and feels just right, highly recommend.
it fit perfectly around the watch. very easy to put on the watch. i also like the band because it doesn’t pinch your skin if you put the watch snug around your wrist. also i have the 42mm series 3. all the opening match perfectly. definitely a must buy if you are looking to protect your watch!
quick and cool. fit perfectly. love it!
delivered on time. i liked it so much. hopefully it would last long.
i give this item a 4/5 stars because it's everything i need in a apple watch protector, minus the fact that the band and coverage around the face of the device got dirty was too fast.  even trying to clean it within the first use was extremely difficult.  these would be the only "con" if any, for this product.
this is an excellent apple watch band, i have even tried tugging on it and it won't budge,it makes the apple watch feel much more significant and rugged,protect the watch from a great many things. and it's a great way to dress down the space black watch for daily wear,which sometimes feels a bit too nice for daily
so i like it so far. good fit, comfortable around the wrist. nice color. my only concern is due to the type of material it might break overtime
i've had this watch case for 6 months now and i have nothing but good things to say. this watch case has performed as advertised. i workout a lot and this watch case has held up to the running, jumping, lifting, falling, sweating, swimming, etc. it provides total protection on the sides and edges. the watch face is also protected since it is recessed into the case. another unexpected positive in my opinion is that this case add some bulk to the watch. the apple watch is sleek and slender, and i am a big guy. i think it looks more fitting on me with this watch case on. i highly doubt you will be disappointed with this watch case.
wear it every day and have had no issues.  gives good protection for the watch.  i do have to take the watch out occasionally to clean out the grunge that gets between the band and the watch.  comfortable and durable so far.
so i bought this band for my husband. he’s rough around the edges to say the least. so it only made sense he didn’t feel comfortable with the original band in which the watch came with. when i seen this one i knew right off the back he was guna love it. and he did. it’s been 2 weeks now and it’s still holding up. feels durable and sturdy. well done 😉
the only complain i have about this band is that you can feel it is cheaper material than when you purchase other watches, like a g-shock for example.
if you've ever owned a g-shock watch, you're going to love this case! i was a little worried at first, that this would be a bit too bulky, however it really does not make the watch any bulkier than it already is. definitely would recommend!!
it’s not really super cute for women but the protection is awesome! i use this band when i’m at work and it protects the corners so well. it’s probably perfect for working out too but i don’t work out lol!
this is a solid watch band.  for $10, it does the job great and feels like it will last for quite awhile.  however, no this is not the same high quality rubber that you get on your g-shock or similar bands.  but it is durable and will look the same as a g-shock band.  can't beat it for the price.
very comfortable to wear and keep my iwatch protected.
i really, really love this band!! it stays on well and you don’t have to worry!  i feel like it really protects the watch well and the price is great!!
fits well, comfortable, protects the edges of the screen, really can’t do much better for the price.
love it. easy install. looks great. very light.
looks good, great protection! the color is true to the picture, bright high lighter yellow. i’ll be ordering other colors from this seller for sure.
nice flexible band, i bought it for my son.
i had purchased the light blue/turquoise version but it got dirty easily. i loved it so much i got this dark blue one to prevent it form getting dirty/looking dirty all the time
its perfect.. for the price its a good deal.. plus the look is pretty simple
looked exactly like advertised. great product!!
love it
amazing product and gives a great style on your wrist!!! definitely should get more colors so i can buy more!!! i love it sooo much
love this band!! super protective and very comfortable!!
love it!! a lot better quality then a similar product i purchased that did not last very long before it broke. already feels like this one will last way longer.
i'm happy with the purchase. excellent quality. i recommend it.
it fits apple 3series watch but i would like a screen protection in it but great product.
very nice fit. pretty sturdy for every day use. not bulky gives the watch a nice look. i would get another
i have three of these bands. they are great and best part being they are not hard on the wallet. i work maintentance and needed something that offers some protection. the bands are easy to clean after a long work week as well. i can’t say bad things for this product.
just the apple watch band i needed, i work in a hospital and i am constanly using my hands such as lifting and pulling,it help me a lot,affordable and durable.
husband loves this for his apple watch and it fits perfectly.  i hope that the band stands up to wear and tear, because it seems a bit rigid.
very rugged durable case. well worth the money.
can't beat the price fits and looks great
surprisingly worth it! very happy so far.
i love the way it stands out the color the sporty feel similar to a g-shock
love the case especially when i go to the gym and work out. ordered the item in 3 different colors well worth the money and also protects your investment in your watch, protects it very well.
like this watch band but i have small wrist and the smallest whole was still to big for me had to give it away
waited a little bit of time to write the review on this as i was not sure it would hold up. now 4 months later i can say this is for sure 5 stars i wear this band everyday as it protects the watch a little better. good quality and best bang for you buck!! great buy!
so far no complain
the band does exactly what i need which is to protect my watch while i work.  i tend to be very rough on watches and it is nice to have it protected from bumbs and scratches while i do.
very good case for the watch
overall a good value. secures and protects the watch. no negatives.
perfect and fast
the band is as advertised. it fits my apple watch series 3 perfectly and it’s very comfortable. i wear it to the gym and to work without any issues. i owned it a week and i have zero complaints. i did buy a screen protector, just in case.
very sporty looking
i can’t comment on reliability of the band as i just got it. but the color and design of the band are as seen in the picture. watch fits well, and i like the feel of the band!
for only $10 it’s worth the money. it’s my daily band i use to work. i have series 3 watch and it is just fine. i find it the band contable even when i’m sweating a butt off doing yard work.
i bought this for my husband, as he is a state trooper. i was iffy on buying him an apple watch knowing how hard he is on the g-shock way he’s just because of the job. he’s had it since december without any problems, i did by a screen protector to use with it, but very satisfied!
perfecto
this is by far the best apple watch to date. so many functions and capabilities and ease of use makes this watch the best?
i just received my apple watch band today. i am very pleased with my purchase. i have a series 3 and it fits perfectly. i will definitely buy another band real soon. it will be great if you guys can make a pink and purple band :)
it works . already saved my watch twice. the only bad is that the end comes loose often
love it!
easy to change face and use also looks good
great product! i get compliments on it all the time! people think it’s a g-shock watch.
perfect fit
my husband loves it!!
looks good. i expected a heavier feel
love it
:)
this will be my second one because of my work environment and i still have to say i havnt scratched or broke my watch yet just the band! great product i call it my apple watch outter box!
nice works better with a cup with a flat bottom hard to find though.
great quality for the price, love it.
great product for the value. it’s durable, light weight, and hold my apple watch in place when i’m working, running, etc... also the band  has this nice “ vanilla” sent to it
love the band and durability but strap to hold extra band is lose and always seem to slip right back away from the band .
super
one of the best wristbands for the apple watch five stars!
great watch case! great seller! couldn’t be happier with the fit and look!
i wanted a rugged band for my apple watch. this one worked out perfectly! even fits the protective plastic cover underneath the band!
simple product at the right price
this band came super fast and it is so comfortable! i wanted the g shock look and that is exactly what i got. my apple watch looks more rugged now and i’m so pleased with this product!
i like the rugged look it's well made and every durable i haven't had any issues since i got it 2 months agoand i do some hard work most of the time so yeah overall good product
only thing i don’t like is that the band seems to be somewhat cheap. other than that good product
cute band.. exactly what i wanted!
i ordered it for my husband as he works in a company where he sweats a lot and it’s really helping him out with the light weight material
this band turned my apple watch into a sports watch..
i love this band because it protects my watch when i bump into things. i work construction so it was hard to keep my watch safe with its original band.
got to me really fast didn’t expect it for a couples more days, feels great around my wrist and looks awesome with face in it!!! thank you guys a lot
thought it came with screen protector as well, it doesn’t. other than that great watch band for work!
looks great and very sturdy. if i had two watches i would order another.
i liked how it fits my wrist and i like how it looks i love the comfort and durability of the watch band
durable definitely but in person it does look flimsy. still great product easy to put on.
it looked amazing and was very durable!
love it
great apple band for the money !! you will not be disappointed !! i have a large wrist, fits great , got the g shock look . a+a+👌🏽
i love this watch band, it’s rugged and is able to withstand the durability test of my deployment!
delivered pretty fast. fits really well onto wrist. only thing i will say is that i wish the material was a bit softer but overall good band.
a little smaller in size from what i expected, but overall, a solid smartwatch. it does everything i need it to do and more.
it was fine but my screen protector came off because of this.
fits well and does it’s job of protecting the iwatch
good quality real bulky tho
no complaints. wish that it could have a screen cover but it fits perfect with the 38 mm i watch series 1.
great product
gotta admit i'm truly happy with my purchase. no problems with band at all. i've had several positive comments.
good product. fast shipping
husband liked it. says it does the jobs.
great band. i expected screen protection to be included. my bad didn’t read thoroughly.
good product. exactly what i expected for the price. great price.  quick delivery.
i love the item !!!
its the best thing made for the apple watch it never failed me and i work in security so i never had a problem
love it
i really like this band. in my opinion it gives my apple watch the g shock look. the band is very durable.
husband loves it, more durable and protective than the apple band he had.
nice!
lovin it!!
just as durable as what’s shown in pictures
fits perfectly and does what’s needed to do.
i love this case it’s a great protector
good band durable easy to clean
love the product
love the design the durability is exactly what i needed.
not bad.  fits around apple watch, using dual is a little awkward.  otherwise fine
excellent product , now i don’t need to worry about my
my husband really liked it.
this item is exactly what i expected
great fit and definitely better then the basic sport bands.
great
great fit for big wrist
great band.  highly recommend.
easy to use. protects the watch.
good product, not the best but it’s great for the price
husband loves it. great fit, adjustable and sporty!
a++
its perfect!!!! nothing else to say :)
nice design. now to see how it holds up.
well worth the money !!!
very light weight , i liked it
good watch band!!
it’s a great product
love my watch band getting many compliments
it fits perfectly and really does protect the watch.
absolutely amazing case for the money!
good
great watch band
exactly what i was looking for
it’s awesome
i wish it had a screen protector
exactly as described
i’m very happy with my order. fyi the pictures do the least.
it’s a perfect watch case. rugged. fits nice
what i liked most about my watch band is it’s durability.
exactly as described
as described and came quickly
durable & nice.
great product
genial !!!
perfect 👌
excelente producto
thank you!
perfect fit
item just as described.  fits watch perfect
great for the hard working individuals....
fits great!!
awsome right fit i recomand this
i love it.
band works great
amazing
yes
good!!!
nice
great! loved it
love it! i have a big wrist so with just the regular size of the apple watch looks to small for me. with this band and case it makes it look bigger. has a good manly look. the band will fit up to an xl and bigger wrist. i have had several cases and band but this one is my favorite!
awesome band, protects the whole watch but the screen from scratches. overall a great looking watch band, but it would of been perfect with some sort of screen protection.
my first time to buy a band for my watch i. supprised by it turn my watch appearance to another style completely, feel get a new one:)
this really gives the apple watch a new look.
absolutely love it 😍
i've been looking for awhile for a new apple watch band. this band fits nicely over the apple watch and provides the right amount of coverage. great find!
i had a different model of this style and it was great. it was soft plastic and had enough room for my large wrist. this one seems like a cheaper (hard) plastic and it was very hard to get on my wrist the first time.  i am only on the third set of holes for the hooks, so if you have a larger wrist then this may be one you want to skip.
i work outdoors and never really wore my watch because i was scared of messing it up. this band gives me the comfort to wear it to work and not have to worry if i bump it. the case offers good protection and has a lip that sits up higher than the screen, protecting it from rubbing against stuff. the band is more of a cheaper plastic, but seems to be very sturdy and has held up great.
great price and fits well!
i really was surprised by how light it is. the only issue is that it feels plasticy but other than that, i really like the fit, color and feel.
great seller!
great fit for active use.  i use it for workouts to keep it tight for the bpm reading and also out in the field fishing and hunting.
been about 2 months still holding up good and it’s a great look!
the band material is a little thinner than i had expected however, the whole band/case is well made and seems fairly durable. the fit is very comfortable and i have large wrists (7.5”). would definitely buy again!
only thing wrong with this wish it was made for a smaller wrist.
this is a great watch case for the price. i work in construction and even though i’ve only had this watch case a couple of weeks it’s held up great. i get compliments on it all the time plus it looks just like the more expensive super case and i’m sure it’s just as durable. just make sure you buy a screen protector also.
nice band.  makes the 38mm watch look tough.  has held up nicely to hard use.
purchased this for my job who had the series 1 & it fit on his watch perfectly. expectations met just hope it is heavy duty durable for his activness.
my husband loves this band/case. i think it looks nice and is not too overly bulky.
great color!!!
love this case however it is important to know it does not cover the screen you need a glass protector for it
bought my 13 year old an apple watch for christmas and he really needed this to help protect it. it works wonderful. i am thinking about ordering one for me as well.
husband loved it, fits great!
so far so good and you can’t beat the price
works great.
protects well.  fits well.
awesome
a++++ love this product.
way better than. the zagg screens! so awesome protects great!
fits my big wrist and looks good
it’s a good watch band but i thought it had a face protecter on it
very durable and protective of my watch. i workout in it and wear it to work and never have to worry about scratching my watch.
muy bueno
worked as advertised
love how the band feels like a g-shock almost. jus an amazing product
just as described.
fit watch perfectly as discribed like having an old fashion band
very nice strap - fits perfectly and very comfortable. feels light when wearing but sturdy. thanks!
i think its good but my husband does not like it because its too big.
keeps face of the watch protected and waterproof for swimming laps.
got for my dad, he loves it. says that it will never fall off like the bands the come with the watch.
awesome!
i really like this band. it’s rugged and protects my apple watch. gives it a sportier look too. very satisfied with the quality and price.
excellent buy!!
i love it💙💙
it has saved my watch several times when i banged it on door frames and treadmills.  it's showing wear on the finish but that's just reminding me how cheap of an insurance policy this thing is.
at first my hubby thought it was cheaply made but once he put it on, he loved it. it is light and durable.
does everything it says. only reason i gave 4/5 is because it looks very high quality and hardened rubber but its not as rugged as it seems. still for the price its more than enough protection and keeps its stylish.
good quality product!!
can’t wait for my husband to get this. i think it’s perfect!
very good
perfect. just what i wanted
nice i like it and quality is also ok not cheap
this is a great item fits comfortably protects my screen
fits perfectly for my apple watch. very durable and my watch feels safe. worth the buy.
great band, it get's dirty quickly but for the money it is well worth it.
great product
great product. provides good protection and durability.
easy to use an protects my investment!
very solid and the watch fits perfect.
amazing buy, i’m so happy i made this purchase!
pretty slick! thanks for a quick delivery
it’s a good band
looks great fit good
nice!!!
good
just as described !!!
came fast love it
great
awesome product
excellent product
great product. very happy!!!
really easy to install my watch
fits and works as marketed for.
got this band on a lightening deal. should’ve been bought something like this. i have the type of luck where my watch hits the oddest things when wearing. this band protects it pretty good, and for the price, it’s a win/win
pretty good case to protect the apple watch,all in all i recommend this product i have not had any problems with it although i think it is a little on the cheap quality
awesome
fit is great..
product as described
i’m very active outside with farm work. better than the original band.
my fiancé loves it. fits perfectly on apple watch series 1. thank you for an amazing product at an affordable price
great product! would buy again!
very strong and light. i like it
great product!! i was always worried about damage to my apple watch, but with this rugged band it’s really protected well. most people think it’s a g-shock or something, doesn’t even look like an appeywatch.
i really like it and the price was very good.
love it! bought it for my boyfriend and he says it’s way more comfortable than the original band
great product for the price
sturdy use the band for work.
good fit
it won’t change with it on the apple
fit my daughter's apple watch perfect!  this will protect it better than the apple watch band that was on it
i like it so far
perfect fit, just love it. everything matches up and very comfortable.
no complaints.  for 10 bucks, it's protects the watch and looks fine.  it fits my series 1 38mm without any problem.  not a designer look but good for casual or working out.
i get all my apple watch bands from this seller....always extremely satisfied. they fit the watch, very secure, fashionable....why pay more?
it looks exactly like apple bands that are sold at $50.
i purchased three other brand previously, they all felt flimsy. this by far the the very best. and although not as thick as the genuine apple band. i prefer it as it’s easier to bend. highly recommend this product. note: to all the negative reviewers with photos posted, i notice several claiming the band didn’t secure well, but based on the uploaded pictures, i noticed the short band was installed wrong. the side that has the indentation along the band goes facing your wrist. the smooth side of the band faces the out side of the wrist with the lock snap facing out. some of the pictures with negative reviews puzzle me as the bands aren’t installed properly.
i got the wine red one and in 42mm small. it’s a tiny bit darker than the picture but it looks great and it fits very well. it is thinner than the original apple band but they look exactly the same. shipping was a little late but that’s the only problem i had
good quality product. girlfriend has not complaints other than its not quite the quality of an original apple band, but at this price who cares. quality is great for the price. why spend apple cost when they get dirty quickly. just replace with new.
absolutely love the bands! we spent $100 buying two bands from apple and then someone told us about using amazon for iwatch bands! you can not tell these apart from the apple bands- so soft, comfortable, and fit perfectly! i gets many compliments on the he bands- i bought the pink and blue band- will buy more- i wear the 38mm m/l and have plenty of holes to go larger-
this was a gift requested by my son. he seemed very pleased with it.
i've ordered many apple watch bands on amazon and the "pink sand" watch strap i ordered looks beautiful! it matches the picture exactly. buyers do beware: if you're looking for the same authentic "pink sand" color, this is not it. make sure you look at the picture before you purchase. the color of this watch band is exactly what i wanted. it is more of a barbie pink than a muted pink. i will be buying more colors in the near future.
this band is as good as apple's $49 version.  the material is soft and feels good on the wrist and to the touch.  different sizes are available for a good fit.  delivery was fast and there was a follow up to confirm my satisfaction with the product.  there is no need to pay more for an apple watch band.  at this. price you can change colors frequently.
i have a ceramic apple watch edition and the band that came with it, i would have to weigh 95 pounds soaking wet and have stick arms for it to fit.  i really didn't want to spend $50 for an ome apple band that was bigger.  this band looks pretty much like the apple bands, and if you were just looking at it you would never know.  fits on phone correctly and i ordered the m/l size and it fits nicely and is very comfortable.  my only wish was that the clip was plastic and not metal as i have metal allergies.  i have covered the inside metal clip with a piece of medical tape and so far, no issues.
i've had this watch band for at least 2 months and it's performing extremely well. i'd never know it wasn't a band from the actual watch manufacturer. it's flexible, comfortable, stays attached to the watch face with zero issues and is staying clean (i purchased white). looks new still. i would highly recommend this product! very happy! i also recommended this to a coworker. she bought 2 and also loves hers.
nice band especially for the price! not as thick of rubber as my apple band but none the less a good buy. the holes for the clasp are in the same places as apple ( i used the 3rd on my nike band = 3rd on this band). the only issue i had was mounting the band. make sure it has fit securely to the watch face and "test" it's hold before you put it on. i had to slide mine to lock it a couple times but it finally clicked in place and is solid.
i just got a beautiful new apple watch for my birthday and my significant other wanted to get me a band too. so we went up to the apple store and they were sold out of nearly every color! little did we know at the time how lucky that was. i hopped on amazon on a whim, saw these bands and took a chance. they are identical to the ones sold in store for literally $45 less. high quality, crazy comfortable and beautiful colors. i ended up buying 4 more!!!
update: the seller saw my previous comment and contacted me offering the larger size for free. great customer service! i didn’t even plan on contacting them. it’s hard to find good customer service especially online, so for that and that it’s a super cheap but nice band, i’ll give 5 stars. will buy again
i have many different bands that i cycle through with my apple watch and apple's sport bands are the ones that generally get the most time on my wrist.  i was looking for a gray band and wasn't fond of the latest offering from apple so i thought i'd give this one a try.  the quality is very impressive it is nearly as good as what apple offers at a fraction of the price.  i've purchased other sport bands previously that don't compare in quality to these.  excellent purchase, i couldn't be more pleased.
great band for the price. i have small wrists, and the s/m fit the 38mm was perfect. i was a little worried about how the light blue would look on the black on black apple watch, but i think it looks nice. the band is if very similar quality to the original. i like these bands because i can rotate them often since i wear this to the gym 4 to 5 days a week. easy to clean, and cheap to replace.
though i'm not a fan of the silicone bands, i have to say that the white looks great when worn with my silver, rhinestone-studded watch bumper/cover.  those pieces together look both sporty and feminine.
i love the color of this band, and the quality is pretty decent.  the craftsmanship is very good, and almost like oem.  these 3rd party bands are hit and miss, and this brand is definitely a hit!  i got a second band because the quality is that good.  i would definitely tell my vatos to get one of these.
my wife and i purchased bands for our apple watch (nike series 3) and they are great. they are slightly lighter and softer than the apple watch bands and so much cheaper. each band comes in a small zip lock pouch. my wife loves to store them in there when she changes bands out. we have them in white, gray, blue and red. we will get more as colors are added.
fits great, looks great with the rose gold apple watch, has a nice feel to it, and i’m very happy with the product and the price. free 2 day delivery with amazon prime, which is also nice! i feel like this is very similar to the pink sand band that came with the watch, but i’m much less worried about this one getting stained, discolored or marked up in anyway because if it’s dark color. very happy with this purchase.
updated review:  in response to my prior review, the seller contacted me immediately and offered a refund or replacement.  i chose replacement and they sent me another band.  different size/color but for my same apple watch.  the band arrived in just a few days.  band is soft and installed better than previous.  would suggest that center plastic bump be a tiny bit flatter so as to glide smoother into watch band slot, but overall good band with excellent customer service!
got one in black and one in pink
i just got the gray band in the mail today. i swapped out my  apple pink band for the gray one. when i out my iwatch back on, i immediately felt the difference between the two bands. personally, i prefer this band. it's softer and so much lighter. someone else mentioned about the texture being different. i agree but it's different in a good way. i also love the color of the band. it goes well with the rosegold metal. i'd purchase this again if i mess this one up. i'm actually going to purchase the midnight blue and maybe another color just for fun.
like them so far. used it today going to the park. it’s thinner than the authentic apple band, but it is still smooth and beautiful! i wish i have gotten the s/m though. either or, if i ever want a different color, i’d order again
love this band.  it's a bit lightweight compared to the actual apple brand but the color is awesome and the the material is flexible.  it clicks in just as it should and it fits perfectly.  will definitely purchase more colors.
i really like this band. the color is a pretty aqua blue and it looks really nice against my rose gold watch. i would definitely recommend. it is easy to put on either arm and easy to wipe down as it’s like a silicone material. i love the width also. mine is a medium/large and it’s perfect. i have a black one as well and they are durable.
i am surprisingly happy with my order. i bought the burgundy and gray bands for my apple watch and could not be anymore happy with it. i bought both bands in the s/m size and it fits just like the original bands when you first purchase the apple watch. these bands are not as stiff as the apple bands but overall, it feels just like the original. i am very happy with the colors and i recommend people to purchase these bands. you won't be disappointed!
this watch band is exactly like the apple watch bands that are sold in stores, retailing at $49.00. this is an amazing deal for the price as there is no difference in performance, functionality, and how comfortable this watch band is in comparison to the real deal. i recommend this to anyone who owns an apple watch and wants a waterproof sports band.
i like the band, it's soft and comfortable. i am bummed that it does not have the double post closure (see pictures) and the reason that i only gave four stars. i chose this band over others because it advertised a double post. i plan to keep it, as it is still a bargain for the price, and will look elsewhere for a double post closure.
this band is exactly the same as the one apple sells for $50.  so glad that i bought this and saved a ton of money.  quality is great, feels the same on my wrist as the apple band, and secures nice and tight. i will definitely be purchasing my future bands on amazon.  this is the white band with the gold apple watch series 4, 44mm.
the design and look is exactly like the original apple watch band just that the rubber is not the same texture as the apple watch band this rubber has sort of a light powderish stiff feel while the apple band is a smooth rubber feel and a little thicker jelly texture, but still not a big difference.i bought this black band because my watch was the silver with the white band and i wanted a black band to wear on a daily basis to work and leave the white one to wear occasionally with certain outfits.
i love these apple watch bands! they are sturdy and seem to be exactly like the ones that come with the watch originally. however, they don’t cost $40 a pop, so they are even better, in my opinion! i have ordered 4 different colors and all have been high quality and beautiful. stop your search and just buy this watchband...you won’t regret it!
i have bought many bands for my watch, a variety of silicone, metals, leather, canvas. i decided to get more of fave colors in silicone since they're so cheap. these look great and fit perfectly. bought several. was planning to buy a pack but wanted colors that didn't come together in the pack combos.
it looks great, and feels great. i was worried about it maybe having a smell but it doesn't. it is really just like the one i have from the people who make the watch, but a lot less money. i ordered two different color ones and i'm so happy to have a few choices now style wise.
i needed a black band for my watch, and i love the sport band i already have. this band is thinner and lighter than the original apple watch band i have, which i love. i work 8 hour shifts and usually my watch starts feeling pretty heavy by the time i go to bed. the band is soft to the touch, and excellent quality. it surpassed my expectations.
band is the same color as the picture on amazon. just like other 3rd party bands this is slightly and noticeably thinner; however, it doesn’t affect the form, fit, or function. it is a fraction of the price i would want to spend on apple bands and other than the “thinness” you couldn’t tell it wasn’t a oem band.
this is every bit as good as the band that came with my watch and i won't hesitate to order more from this vendor.  the band is so easy to change, there's no excuse not to have as many colors as you like.  i couldn't be happier with my purchase!
i ordered this band in both the gray and wine red. they're great, especially for the low price. i have had some sensitivity to the metal on previous bands i've used, but so far have not had any issues with these. definitely recommend!
the style is great but the band is too big for me, even the small size. the problem is the loose part of the band sticks out when i put it on at the size it belongs. i have to tuck the band underneath and it's a little uncomfortable when it's tucked under.
i really love this band!  i bought the white band and was worried about discoloration or that it may become dirty looking in a few days, but i was pleasantly surprised that it didn’t.  it stays clean and dirt/oil wipe right off.  i would definitely buy again.
had this watch band for a month now. it’s still bright white and snaps closed firmly. i like this band better than apples band. i wear a 42mm watch and this band has enough holes so it fits my skinny wrist well and still could go tighter.
it's sturdy enough and lock down mechanism works great too! only thing i would say i would like to see more is if the belt material would have been bit more shiny.... the black color looks just a tad bit off but overall it's great for the price.
i love this.  it feels and looks exactly like the original band i received with my watch.  i don't know why you would want to pay more.  i will def purchase more colors.  same quality, same fit, same everything it seems.
i bought the white band a little over a month ago thinking i would be able to use for maybe 2 weeks before it started turning grey like the other ones i've had. i wear this watch every day and i am so pleasantly surprised that it is still bright white. i definitely will be buying other colors. i will keep this review updated if/when it starts to stain.
nice band quality is good i don’t how long will it last if you use it all day for me this will be last one i buy i only use it when i where my grey shoes every now and then looks good price is right much cheaper then apple store 👍
i was initially worried about getting this band because of how cost efficient it was. an apple band is $49 and this was less than $8. i am very satisfied with this purchase. it is good quality and you can’t even tell the difference between this one and the one that came with my watch. i will be purchasing some more in the future.
i have one original silicon band from apple and want to change to the new color. after reading some reviews, i decided to buy one. however, my skin got burn after 3 day wearing it. i messaged the seller and got a fund refund. in general, it looks as pretty as apple band, but it’s not for me.
i purchased this band and it was very good quality compared to other that i have purchased. this was the same thickness as the apple band and at the fraction of the cost. i will be buying more for sure.
i can't really speak to how this band compares to the apple bands, but it seems to be nice enough. i can't address durability either, but for the price, who cares?  it's great that it costs so little.  for this price, i'll be buying several more.
terrific watch bands at a fantastic price. i hated the white watch band that came with my apple watch 2 and was not going to spend another $50 on the color i wanted. can't tell the difference between these bands and the apple watch bands. liked the first one i bought so much i ordered two more in other colors. super great deal. can't attest to their durability as i've only had these for a week, but they look and feel exactly the same as the apple watch band, so i'd bet they are just as durable.
i can not say enough about these bands. they are identical to the ones you would pay 50$ for with the brand name on it, but these come in such fun colors. excellent quality! i will be buying more.
pleasantly surprised at the look and feel of this band.  i honestly cannot tell the difference between this band and the $45 bands they sell at apple.  i will be buying additional colors to switch around for some variety.  very pleased with the purchase.
wow. extremely fast shipping. it came 4 days earlier than it said. the band itself is soooo soft and pleasing. i ordered the gray band and in the picture i posted, it looks dark, but it is a very light gray. beautiful. i was not sure about the color because i have a space gray watch, but i am so happy i ordered it because it looks amazing! highly highly recommend. especially for the price.
i’m very happy with the watch band. it fits well and feels comfortable. it’s easy to put in and take off the watch. it is simple to put on your wrist. it is a simple design that can be worn daily. i
i loved this band pretty much identical to the apple brand bands. i love it. it’s just as comfortable for a more affordable price. stays on, haven’t had problems with it falling off or unbuttoning. i love the product and plan on purchasing more in different colors.
bought this for my daughter who was complaining that the band her watch came with was getting dirty quick.  she loves the black band, doesn't look dirty at all, feels good on her wrist.
quality good so far.  snapped in place easily and accurately.  snap in my midnight blue was shiny chrome so i took a black sharpy to the snap.  it will probably wear off in a month and i’ll do again :). wish it came in leather-look brown. :(
it's a great band, fits my watch perfectly and is the exact shade of pink i was searching for. i prefer buying the non-apple silicone band, they are slightly thinner and more flexible which i like.
i ordered this because it looked more waterproof than the one i had. this band is really nice. i have used it a lot out mowing and working in the yard. still looks like new. highly recommend.
just like the real thing, why buy it from apple. first, the apple brand wrist bands are nice and look great but... why buy them for so much money when these bands look just as great and work the same. it locks in just like any other watch band and looks great. the texture feels great on my wrist and the color was true. will buy again.
works great and looks great. i do a lot of cardio in the gym and i sit in the sauna so i sweat a lot and needed a band that wouldn't get gross. i didn't give it 5 stars only because the band was a little difficult to get on to my watch at first and there were no instructions as to how to do it. other than that it's great for all day and the gym.
the band was exactly what i expected. it's a nice quality band and it's exactly what you'd get if you walked into an apple store and asked for the sports band. i really love the color and the material is great, especially for working out.
this band is a perfect fit. it is exactly what i wanted and at a very inexpensive price. it looks exactly like my original apple watch band. why pay all that money to apple? i can't wait to order more colors!
the band color is true to description and photos on amazon.  small/medium band fits a women's wrist well who is choosing to wear the 42mm i watch and does not want the longer band fit.  band material is sturdy, silky but does smudge some.  the smudges wipe off easily with soft cloth and water.  i would buy this product again. i bought a red-orange and a white band.  easy to change out the bands too.
it looks and feels just like the official apple version. i marked it down one star because the first one i bought from this merchant never arrived. it was $7, so, meh.
delivered as promised. the material appears not as strong as the original apple watch band, but it looks great for the price. i just got the band so i have not used it much.
nice decent quality, feels good. snaps different than the original but not better or worse, just different. one part did snap off when using this on my watch, which made me feel like it was cheaply made. otherwise, it is a nice, inexpensive accessory and it looks great.
my original apple watch band wouldn’t release. i had to cut it off due to the watch’s release assembly seizing up. this watch band was a perfect replacement. it fits great and looks just like the original band. great product!
this watch band is perfect on my apple watch. i must admit i was a little hesitant not purchasing from apple however, it seems to be the same quality. i’m happy.
i really like this band i feel like it fits like my original apple band. i bought another brand at the store and they buckle different i don’t like them. buying another color.
what i liked the most is the price! it may be a little lighter, but what’s wrong with that! i bought a white one, because the white one i bought from apple, $49, is stained from wear and i can’t get it clean! will be buying more colors
it's thinner than the normal apple watch band but not by much. i like this thickness better! works just the same. i have the gray one and it looks great.
nice color and looks how pictured. my only gripe is that i purchased my watch 2nd hand and it didn't come with any instructions so i didn't know how to put the band on. other than that, i'm liking my band right now
this watch band is great! so much less expense than apple oem and i can’t tell the difference. it’s soft and comfortable. i ordered the s/m size for the 38mm and it’s the same size as the original smaller band that came with my watch.
i wear mines at least once a week.  i switch up depending what i’m wearing. love the quality and feel.  looks just like the apple watch brand and feels just like the apple watch brand.  definitely would recommend.
this sport band adapted to the apple watch perfectly; it is just as described and arrived on time. i will order from this same company again in the future.
unless you put them side by side you can not tell that it isn't a 50 dollar apple band. using it hard for several weeks now and it is holding up great. will buy again if it ever breaks or i need a different color.
feels just like my original band that came with my watch. love this!
i was a little afraid to buy a much cheaper band for my apple watch. i took the risk and i’m glad i did. the band is lightweight but at the same time does not feel super cheap and flimsy.
bought for wife she likes them we got several different colors. attach to apple watch well no problem. i got what i paid for a little slower than expected.
this band is by the far the best band i've ordered. it fits perfectly in the slots on the watch and locks into place. it's sleek and stays on my wrist perfectly. will be buying different colors from this seller in the near future.
to be honest i was skeptical about this product but when i received it and opened it, i fell in love with it lol.  the color is perfect, it’s a little more flemzy than the original apple ban that came with the iwatch, but other than that you can’t tell the difference at all!  this product is worth every cent i spent!  i will definitely be purchasing more.  fits perfectly!  i also purchased the space gray band as well and it fits perfectly as well!
we received the band quickly and had no problems installing the band on my wife's apple watch series 1. the only small "issue" i had is that the connection from the band to the watch didn't seem to be the highest quality. the band did attach to the watch securely though - i will just be waiting to see if it holds up. for the price, i definitely believe this band is worth the purchase!
i love it.  my pink band that came with the watch got stained and discolored very quickly. i really cannot tell the difference between this band and the band that came with the watch.
got these to have more options for my apple watch. they fit as expected and look just like the originals that came with the watch but in different colors.
love the burgundy color! great price! fits perfect! very comfortable and easy to put on! all around one of the best watch bands and i have like 15!
this bad is very well made and does not feel cheap...cannot tell the difference between the official apple ones and there. the band is the same quality as apple for a fraction of the price.
i received my order on time and i really like my watch band.  i ordered two at the same time.  i might order a few more colors since the price is right.
i like this band a lot. looks exactly like the original ones from the apple store for way less of the price. color is exact as picture. it’s a dark burgundy, very nice. no allergic reaction and i’m allergic to latex among many other things
i purchased a grey and pink band for $15.  i love the way they fit.  it's soft and subtle. the colors are perfect!  great for everyday use!  i need more time to see how long they last, considering they were so inexpensive.  very happy.
very good, practically the same as the $50 ones in the stores. so worth it. i bought two colors! and even after sweating and stuff, the white one remains white! i love it!
it is exactly like the band that came with my apple watch. i love the color which is a wine or burgundy color. so pretty for fall/ winter.
the color was as expected.....a beautiful light blue. the quality is excellent. i’ve purchased 4 different colors and love them all. the service was excellent. received them in 2 days.
fits my series zero, and you can't tell the difference between my authentic apple watch band and this one. i'm very pleased and will be ordering more colors!
this fit beautifully on my apple watch, fits like the factory manufactured watch band i received with my watch, feels just like it too, very pleased
loved this band! i bought three colors and i’m really happy with them. they may not be as thick as the original bands but they are awesome for the price.
soft and flexible much like the band that came with my watch. love the color as it goes with lots of my outfits. good price. i also bought a black on too.
great band... very close to the apple version and feels good on the wrist. can't tell the difference between my apple bands and these. highly recommend.
great alternative to the apple options that are about 6x more expensive. quality seems to be equal to the apple options. very happy with the initial quality and workmanship. the material has a nice feel. nothing suggests this is a lower cost option... definitely recommend this!
good quality. can’t tell difference between this band and my original apple watchband. will order more colors. good customer service and prompt delivery.
ordered a small band for 38" and it's way too long. i have it clipped on the last setting. the bans looks nice though and it's good quality.
this color was just what i wanted, the color of the sea when the sun shines bright right at midday.  i was very happy with this purchase.
so far so good, comfortable to wear, color is great and staying clean although it’s only been a couple of days. would buy again!
absolutely cannot tell the diffeeence between this and the apple branded version. they feel exactly the same. i will be buying other colors soon.
i love this watch band, i was not sure if it would be the same and i have found it to be very high quality, i am going to order more colors.
it feels smoother than the real apple one. texture is better and for some reason it doesn’t get dirty as much as the apple one. and i even got white!
i have ordered several different kinds of apple watch bands and this is by far the best fitting and most comfortable. very pleased with this product.
it fits, it fits perfectly in my apple watch, and it is almost identical to the apple-made silicone watch bands.  great value.
i wanted versatility in my watchbands, similar to changing out my wrist watches. i didn’t want to pay a lot of money to buy bands and i found the perfect ones at the right price!  this product matches every single color i wear from black to pink. i can mix and match the bands as i please. the bands are durable, don’t cause my wrist to sweat, and i haven’t seen any viewable wear and tear as well
y’all i love it. this band fits very well and the color is exactly what i wanted. looks just like the original apple band, just a little thinner. which is expected because the band is only 8 bucks. but dang for 8 bucks it’s amazing!!! i am definitely ordering more bands. one to match every outfit. highly recommend!!!!
you can't tell the difference between this brand and the apple brand.  i love it and i can buy in more colors because it is affordable.
great price and feels exactly like the apple one..  i have been wearing them for a couple of days now and feels like it will hold up.
love this watchband. other than being just a tiny bit thinner i can't tell the difference in quality between this one and the original one that came with my watch. i'm ordering more colors!
didn't want to purchase the apple brand due to cost, so i heard from a friend about these and decided to give it a try. the band is slightly bigger and thinner than the original, but for the cost it's awesome! i would definitely purchase again and plan to purchase another color.
this is a great buy.  it looks and feels like an apple original without the apple price tag.  highly recommend.
i bought the igk sport band for my apple watch 42” so i could wear it in the pool and lake. looks nice and fits perfect. no problems either the shipping came in on time and exactly as promised.
pretty color, runs small. my original band i lock it in at two holes from the watch but this one is the second to the last one at the end
can’t go wrong with a white band. it should be a staple in your collection. just saying. band seems durable and quality is well made.
i like the ease of changing the strap on my apple watch, and that is why i kept ordering for more. will definitely recommend to others.
i just received my watch band a few days ago and i have wore it once. at this point it’s comfortable and good quality. hoping the white is easy to clean.
really suprisingly great quality for the cheap price! it feels like my original wristband and it’s fun to have the extra colors to swap out! i will buy more of these! thanks!
i love my band. it's looks just like the other one that came from apple. i would love to order a lot of other colors from this seller.
this band is gorgeous! it’s deep red wine color looks classy and expensive. it feels really soft and doesn’t attract a bunch of lint like others i’ve had. shipped right away. i’d buy lots more from this manufacturer and highly recommend.
bought these watch bands for my 2nd generation apple watch in 3 different colors and they are all amazing and work perfectly and are exactly like the picture. i’ll probably buy more in different colors 👍🏻
this band looks and feels exactly like the apple band that came with my watch. fits the same. looks very nice.
don’t waste your money at the apple store. these are just as good and with the reasonable price you can buy multiple colors.
i like the feel of band, almost appears and feels like the original bands that come with the watches.  well made.
love the color! it’s a little on the thin side for my liking, but the quality bests others i’ve tried.
to me, this band looks and feels exactly like the one that apple sells for $49.00. i’m very happy that i bought it here! after receiving the watch band two days earlier than expected, i was contacted by the seller who asked if everything was ok.
love it - great quality. i was having trouble staying connected to my iphone with metal or mesh bands and have had zero connection problems since i put this band on and it looks great too.
sturdy. holding up very well with my very active and hectic lifestyle. i’ll be getting more in various colors.
apple strap at a better price.  i love this band.  fits perfectly and watch stays in place. i will be ordering more colors
this product is as described.  it attaches easily to the apple watch.  i would definitely purchase it again and would recommend it to others.
i love the band but it scratches easily unlike my name brand band that i wore almost two years.
it's not the fanciest band, and doesn't feels as nice as the bands apple makes, but it works well. for the price, it's a good buy. i like the light blue color.
i can tell it's not a real band from the apple store, but so far i love it and it is really durable!
it’s not exactly like the original apple strap which people wrote about in other reviews but it’s close and way cheaper
bought this to switch up my current band. looks good, feels good, it’s just a little thinner than my original band
i am very pleased with this watch band. it snaps in perfectly, is very comfortable, and was quite reasonably priced!
easy to change out - had a white band for summer and switching to black for the winter.  it looks great
just as good as a band bought from apple...but much less expensive.  very happy with my purchase!
the fit is perfect and the quality is amazing for such a low price. i am thrilled. the color is very true to the photo!
looks nice, perfect fit, love the material! would definitely buy again in different colors
looks awesome and exactly like the actual apple watch band. so glad there is this option!
no it’s not like the apple store one you can feel a slight difference but no one has ever noticed.
this band fits perfect to my iwatch, and it's a good replacement for the original one..... the quality is not the best, and you can really feel the difference with the original, but for the price you pay it's a great trade.... i will definitely buy more of these bands
size is perfect! and color is as pictured. i have received two more and feel the same! and fast delivery!
i ordered the wine colored band in a s/m for my 42mm apple watch. it is a nice color and i get compliments on it all the time. i loved the fact that both sides clicked into the watch easily and were the perfect fit. i will be ordering more colors soon.
just the color i wanted.  size and fit appears to be the same as my original apple watch band.  i will probably look for more colors.  i love it.
this band fits well, is styled exactly like the original apple band but so much cheaper! i purchased the s/m in the 38mm in white and it looks and fits perfectly for my small wrist. i would purchase this band again. it’s so much easier to put on than other bands i’ve purchased in the past and it seems to be a better quality that won’t hopefully leave rust marks like the competition’s bands.
very well made, but the original band that came with my watch is thinner and much more comfortable.
this is a great product.  the band is comfortable, durable and cheap!  i will definitely buy again and different colors.
great product!  it's just like the one that came with my watch.  it's an affordable way to change up your bands.
great bright blue color  & super soft ... i like more that an original one i have from  apple store .
nice price for the band.  it fits nicely and looks nice with the rose gold watch that i have
really like this band. works just as well as the ones that come with the watch. i love all of the color choices!
this is just like the ones you buy through the apple store. easy to put on, maintain the shape and color of, and clean.
this band is very cool. it reminds me of the apple product watch bands, just a fraction of the price. it is a little more flimsy than the apple bands but i definitely like this band. would definitely recommend!
i really like this, its light weight and very comfortable.
love the color! it fits perfectly! my wrist is very small and it’s hard to wear any watches! this band has not disappoint me! i will be buying more colors to match my wardrobe 😊👍🏻
great band. the quality is durable and very similar to the brand name bands for a much better price. vibrant color as well. the only difference i noticed was that the s/m i ordered is a bit bigger/looser than the name brand. overall wonderful product, happy to wear, and looks great!
pretty good. the metal button rusts though which doesn’t happen with any of my other bands.
very nice. the metal pin that goes into the hole clicks when i attach it. it feels secure when doing so.
great watch bands and a good color selection.  purchased these for my wife and she couldn't be happier.
i truly love the quality, and its a nice smooth soft feeling in the skin. not like the others.
love this color fits perfectly color is as described good quality and worth the purchase
excellent for the price.
this looks just like the apple one, nice and strong.  i bought two colors and i will be ordering a third one!!!!!
great color, perfect size, great quality. absolutely no complaints for the price.
it is cute and durable, really like it and have ordered it in more than one color!
very good quality band.  not flimsy like the apple knock-offs i’ve ordered before.  i got the royal blue and it’s a very pretty color!
you can’t tell the difference! this looks and feels like apple bands they are amazing
the belt color i received is lighter than the picture shown but it still looks good.
looks great and has withstood the test of time.  inexpensive alternative to the apple product.
the watch band is what i expected and what i needed. i'm pleased with the purchase.
perfect! soft, comfortable, exact maroon/burgundy color i wanted.
great watch band. just like my original apple watch band! love the color!
i like the band because it’s thinner than the apple band it came with
fits great. i ordered the small, and it is not too big for my dinky 5 inch wrist
this band is perfect, size, fit and color are exact. i'm most satisfied because i can't tell the difference between this one and the one that came with my apple watch.  go for it!
i like this band. it is soft and the white is very crisp. it feels comfortable to wear too.
good old white is always a solid choice for me. good quality and fits well.
love love these!!! same as apple bands (on website) for way less and still very good quality!!!
great looking. great fitting. would definitely buy again. i recommend this product. i’m actually going to get another one in a different color.
very nice quality, works fantastic - at a much better price point than apple.com
this is a very pretty pink band and fits very well. i ordered 42mm small.
i purchased the watch band in two colors, black and white, and i'm very pleased with them.  you never know when you purchase an accessory not from the original manufacturer. the price is certainly right, and i'll be going back for more colors!
nice band! love the color and is very similar to the apple bands
very happy with this band. i ordered the mesh one when i ordered the watch which is nice for dress up. but realized not practical for every day use. like the sport band for that.
fits perfect. and size. exactly as described. highly recommend.
i was a little worried that this would not fit appropriately or would break or fall of the watch, but it has worked perfectly under the same conditions as my original apple watch band.  i will be buying in other colors.
i really like this band. it was inexpensive but good quality. i like being able to change my band color along with my outfits and at this price with this quality i can buy multiple colors to do just that!
excellent watch band. arrived on time and in good condition. i plan on purchasing other colors!
i love the band. exactly the color (navy) it said, good quality and comfortable.
i ordered 2 of these for my apple watch series 3, they fit perfectly & look great.  delivery was right on time!
nice band easy to put on. the color is very pretty. i like the way it feels.
awesome band, attractive, smooth and comfortable. i have the series 1 watch. i got the dark blue band. now i’m buying it in other colors.
very happy with these bands.  great alternative to the apple bands.  great quality.  will purchase more of them!!
just as good as the $50 apple watchband and fits perfect! will buy again!
so far so good.  purchased to replace original band.  fits well, easy to install
bought for granddaughter.  seems to be very durable and blue color is just as pictured.  she loves it.
great band looked good on my watch as an additional band to my collection
i’ve bought about 5? different colors now. lol i love them. great quality.
perfect, low-cost replacement for apple sport band.  installed easily and looks great.
fits just like the ones that come with it from apple. easy to switch out
great replacement strap and color.  daughter loves it.
i love this watch band. it is very comfortable and the perfect color of pink. it is easy to snap and does not come undone.
this is a great replacement band and i'm very happy with it.
it was okay. its not  even close to the normal apple watch band material, and it collects lint and dust like a magnet. but for the price it’s a decent product.
i love this sport band for my apple watch! i ordered the pink band, and it fits just like my band from apple. i took a comparison pic—the green band is the apple band and the pink band is from this seller. they are pretty much identical. i will probably buy another band from this company in another color.
fits my series 3 42mm apple watch perfectly. amazing deal for the money. highly recommended.
pure white just as described and desired.
this watch band works perfectly and was much cheaper than the official apple bands!
can’t beat the price and quality of his band. for those of you with larger wrist, this is the band for you. i usually use the last hole on the apple brand bands, but this one i’m at the top.
perfect, just what i needed. no issue with quality
love it! great quality.... easy to clean. definitely will buy again for different colors. a++++
great fit, sturdy, really good quality! would have paid much more!
bought it for my apple watch to have a second choice of color.
customer service it amazing. any issues or questions just message the seller and they will take care of you.  fit, feel finish are nice. no issues with install. delivery was fast. i would definitely buy again.
great looking product.  fits very well on my apple watch.  easy to fit to wrist.
everything works as expected. good materials quality and fits as expected.
i wish i saw this before i bought my last band! this looks a lot like the apple bands - with  the silver clasp and everything.  highly recommend over the costly apple version!!
ok quality ... stretched out a bit after a weeks wear ...
bought this and is the best apple watch purchase i've made on here. the color is amazing i got the burgundy one and it connects well on my watch. get multiple complements on it daily.
good buy, color texture fades quickly though. for the price it is not bad.
great band at a great price. will buy again.
i can confirm the size 38/40 fits the new apple watch series 4, size 40 mm perfectly. the band itself is almost identical to the apple band. the only difference i noticed is that it is slightly lighter weight than the apple brand, but once it's on my wrist i don't notice any difference at all. definitely worth trying out at this price.
this is a good product, it’s worth what i pay for it.  i ordered this band to replace the original apple band that was lost.  honestly i was surprised by the quality and how it fits my wrist (i have a large wrist).
fits my 38mm apple watch great. band is sturdy.
it’s perfect and i plan to get them in every color.
the band is is very comfortable and description is right on... seller shipped fast..
i bought this for my husbands iwatch and it fits perfectly.!
loved this band. perfect color and amazing price. would purchase again.
every bit as nice as an apple band and so much cheaper! buy this one.
love this band!  i get so many compliments on the wine color.  i'll be back for more.
i ordered the bright blue color and i love it. the color looks identical to the picture shown. it fit the watch just like the that came with my watch. i have the 38mm rose gold watch and i don't think the color clashes at all.
works great, fits great, easy to swap out bands and looks good!
adjustable. love the color. easy to wipe clean. i purchased 2 more colors.
i love this watch band. just as good as the $50 ones from apple without the big price tag. the color is bright and the band is soft. no edges on the inside to rub on your skin and it doesn't slide around or come loose. i can't recommend higher.
i bought this silicone band in black and it fits my iphone 42mm very well. it seems sturdy and looks very good.
im very satisfied with this band. the material is very soft, it fits well, and the color is very pretty. i got the wine color. just of note,  it’s a little bit darker than in the picture but still a very pretty color. it is a little thinner than the apple band, but it fits in my watch well, and feels secure.
as described and discussed on the review, matches watch and very comfortable.
i'm really loving this watch band so far! the color is great and the design and clasp are very close to the original apple design, and what an amazing price! i'll definitely be buying more colors!
it is exactly like the black band that came with the watch except for the pretty wine color. i would purchase more in various colors!
love this watch band. the color is great!
fast delivery and product was accurately described. comfortable snug fit, doesn’t feel cheap.
love the new band, great color, fits well.
purchased this for my apple watch series 3, 42 mm. color is great. band is soft and doesn't cut into my skin. would definitely purchase again and recommend the seller.
little thinner than the apple band but i like this better.
i am officially a apple head, lol love anything made by apple, durable, efficient, and the best quality. although pricey, but you get what you pay for!!!
nice and bright! doesn't feel different than the apple brand to me.
a bit thinner and lighter than apple's but acceptable. the only real downside is the locking mechanism with the watch which is not as good. you need to wiggle it back and forth when you install it. but when it's locked, it's locked. can't complain with the price.
works great like the original apple band.
i love my apple watch bands. easy to change. great price
great watch band! soft to the touch, but is longer than i was expecting, even for a m/l.
i am really happy with this watch band for my iwatch 3 38mm. i am thinking about what other colors i should order!
the sport band for apple watch is a great quality band that fits my 38mm apple watch. it's soft, easy to install, easy to adjust around your wrist and a whole lot cheaper then apple. plus it's eco-friendly and it comes in a variety of colors. you will definitely be happy with this purchase.
love it and the color is as described.
a great addition and fun color for a great price and fast delivery!  thanks
love it! fast shipping, and it fits perfect!
nice band, flexible soft silicone. good buy.
so far, so good. i bought this to jazz up my watch a bit (originally came with a black band). the sizing was almost identical to the apple band i had and the s/m fit perfectly on exactly the same setting (2nd notch). looks good, feels good, and the price is right. i've only had it a week but i anticipate it will last a long time.
perfect, simple color that goes with everything.  comfortable and great fit
beautiful color! exactly as pictured. quality is great. can’t beat it!
fits my watch and wrist perfect. i love the color. and it’s the exact same as a band from apple just a fraction of the cost.
i ordered this for the series 3, fits great. material and color is also great. almost exactly like stock product.
i live this item! cannot tell it’s not an original band.
perfect size and pretty color for my apple watch.  i plan to order more colors soon.
so far i really like it. it’s obviously not the same as the band the watch originally came with, but for the price it’s perfect.
i love this! they are true to color and soft! and fit perfectly! i will be definitely buy more colors! it looks just like the apple ones! defeinetly buy it!
great wine color and fits well.
happy daughter great product for the money
great value and price.  i got the dark blue one
fine quality for the price. fastens well and is not flimsy.
love this band, color goes with everything.  will buy again.
i've been very happy with this product.  i wear it all the time, as i don't rotate out my bands and it has held up very well.
i love this band.looks great with my watch
love the material. my old band (the one that came with my apple watch) was thick and way “more rubbery” if that makes sense. the old band didn’t bother me until i exchanged it for this purchase and this one is so light and comfortable. love it!
great band for great price. looks exactly like apple version for much better price. would highly recommend
this band is a little thinner/less sturdy than the apple ones but nonetheless worked great, was very secure and held up all summer and is still in perfect condition
better than expected.  stays on.  nice color! arrived on time.
great quality for the price ! really nice band almost identical to my apple band.  would order again in other colors.
i loved the color and the feeling! the one thing is they do stain easy. i was dying my friends hair and some got on the band and stained it. i had the light blue one. it felt just like the actual apple bands!
works great! super comfortable and so cute!!
love love love!!  well made and color is perfect and just like the photo!!
...quickly delivered and fits my iwatch.
just like the apple bands i really like these.
the watch band does its job without fuss. i get compliments on the color all the time. super practical.
it's just as i expected.  i assume it will hold up like my white & black bands.
these bands are easy to install, and they look really good.
looks like the apple band that came with my watch.
very firm and durable plus a good price.
the five band are very nice and high quality
i bought the navy (no holes) and red (with holes) sports watch bands! bought my husband the all black one with holes. he hasn’t tried it yet. i like them so much that i will be buying the pink and navy sports band too!
the color was accurate! it doesn’t feel cheap. nice quality!
it arrived quickly! super cute fits to size and feels durable 😍
love it. fit perfectly!
perfect fit and appearance
light, durable, comfortable, looks nice, easy to use.
the band is comfortable and easy to wear.
cute and nice band. the little button (clasp thingy) is silver that’s the only thing i would change to rose gold! awesome for the price!
exactly like the apple version!
good product & great price! fits perfect.
looks and feels real
i like the band very much
as described, efficient delivery
great feel. fit like a glove
good product, works just like my other bands. i ordered the sand color, it is a little more pink than i thought it would be. i was expecting it to be a faded pink. however, i still like it.
great product. will order again i. future!!
love the grey color and fits perfectly!
easy to swap out to give me color options on my iwatch.  very comfortable, excellent quality!
i ordered the white band...i cannot tell a difference of quality.  it appears to look and feel the same as the original band that came with my watch
cost savings over like apple item and just a good
this band looks, feels, attaches, and wears just like the apple one. so far i’ve had it for about a week or so and no staining unlike my apple one that got dirty lrettt fast. plus can’t beat the price. highly recommend.
very nice band.  fits my apple watch perfectly!
love the light pink color and perfectly compatible with the 38mm watch.  comfortable and very affordable. also got the light blue and white ones :)
very happy with this purchase! can’t beat the price & looks just like apple. i bought the midnight blue.
fits perfect and easy to install. highly recommend
fits very well, doesn’t extend off the watch’s face but has a weird texture to it
fits well, attached easily, wipes clean
nice band at a good price.  why pay 4x more for the apple version.
sport bands as described, ordered both the white and black bands. fast delivery, they look great!
this watchband fits my new apple watch 4 44mm perfectly! and it looks just exactly like the ones for sale at the apple store.
looks just like the band you get at apple
this band is great i love the color and the quality. i would buy again in another color.
i like that is sturdy but i was kind of disappointed in the actual color. i thought it was going to be a lot lighter than what it actually is.
great buy will definitely buy again and fast shipping also!.
it is great, love it.
great band.
the band is perfect, the material feels extremely close to the one that comes with the apple watch when you buy it or the ones that are sold at the apple store. if you dont care that it wasnt bought at the apple store for a stupid amount of money, this is an excellent buy!!!
love the color....looks great
it’s a nice band
nice band,,, can’t really tell the difference between this & my apple band
fits great, comfy, high quality, color exactly as described
color is darker buy beautifull
just as apples band without the cost
exactly what i was looking for!
works great and fits really well.
easy to clean, comfortable. able to type on computer without it bugging me, like my old one did.
perfect and fast shipping
fits and works perfect.
i love that i can change the look of my watch to match different outfits. durable and flexible!
excellent!
great replacement/extra band for apple watch. easy to install. looks great. used with my series 3.
it's great!  fits my apple watch perfectly!
fits perfect and very comfortable
they have very nice customer service. my first order misplaces so they sent me another one in a very short amount of time, really appreciate that. would definitely recommend it to others and would buy more bands in the future. this sport band is really good quality and fits really well. i’m very happy with what i got.
i really like the band, its sleek, looks good. also, it feels good  & comfortable on the skin. i bought a med-large so its a lil loose. think i will stay with the small-medium for next time.
love this band! nice quality. fits well. very close to feeling and fitting just like the original band my watch came with! would def recommend!
great quality for the price! i would buy again!
these really surprised me, i can’t really tell that much difference between these and apple bands. super impressed and the price point is the best part!
i got this band to use and switch out with my other leather one to use when i work out and it works perfect. looks good too!
as expected
i can't imagine the original apple ones are any better than this. love this new band.
so pretty and give my apple watch a new look
looks great!  i love the color!
great product, fast shipping.
nice band and it’s pretty comfortable.
fits well and great quality!!
i love my new apple 3 watch band. i bought the black and the strap is exactly like the original that came with my watch (just different color). very happy with my purchase and the price. i will most likely order more colors!
my first time changing band on apple watch-so easy!  fits nice and looks great!
attractive and comfortable
love the feel, love the look and love the price!
love it. comfortable, good fit and great price.
i bought these to replace my old earpiece cushions that were worn out. replacing them was very simple and easy. i love the look and how they feel. i would definitely recommend these.
there is no reason not to buy this band. it's exactly the same feel, look, wear, etc. as the official band. i will be purchasing more colors just for the heck of it. i'm very happy with this product.
love it, will be purchasing other colors.
excellent
love this! will be purchasing more
for most men, i recommend the 42mm large band. great fit and feels great!
does the job!
todo ok
great price for an awesome band.
so cute and fits well!
good quality, can not tell the difference the apple branded one at a fraction of the price.
great product
love love love this color
love my new watch band.
this was exactly what i was hoping for!  the watch band fit right onto my iwatch with no issues.  i love the color and fit.  i actually was looking to buy another, and likely will order a darker color for the fall/winter season.  how about adding purple to your color palette of offerings?! 😁
other than a slightly different feel, this band is just about identical to the one that came with my apple watch. the price is fair unlike the outrageous $50 apple tries to charge for a replacement band. i might order a few more colors!
color is slightly deeper in person, which is exactly what i was hoping for. very comfortable and similar to apple brand. great quality for inexpensive price. would definitely repurchase in other shades!
great product with a great price- win win!
good quality, easy to change bands. nice color.
my favorite for work
feels just like the apple brand watch but a lot cheaper! great for the gym and summer too when my arms get a little sweaty
love these bands!!!
fits well and solid construction.
love it!
nice placement band
i have no complaints. love it.
great price, perfect fit!
nice bright color
great!
love the color; it was a little darker, more of a maroon color.
perfect band for my applewatch.
i like how they attach to the watch, so far they clean easily and are easy to put on, and look nice.
love it!
good value
i love this band! it is so smooth and lighter then the apple band that came with my watch!
love the color and it arrived quicky
the color is exactly as shown is appears to be of high quality. it fits perfectly.
i got this because i was sick of my old band and didn't want to spend 50 dollars on an apple band. this one is great for the gym because it doesn't slip around when it gets sweaty. i got the spicy orange and loved it so much i ordered two more colours. black is really nice as well.
feels and looks exactly like the apple brand watch bands
very comfy, sleek look almost like a matte finish
love it!!!
wonderful product!  great for everyday use!  highly recommend!
as described. appears to be a great product for the price. i will order some additional colors.
theses bands are exactly like the one that came with my watch. that was my biggest concern. i 💜 the sea/sky blue and pale pink. only wish there were more colors!!!
awesome band! looks and feels great!
i would say it’s pretty close to apple quality. i got the red which red is a stretch as the color. seems more orange then red but nice quality.
it good so far.. i bought a few bands. and i only wore it once.
love the color, feel and fit!
the blue band is exactly what i expected.  the pink band is a little brighter than i had wanted but i still like it.  would order from this company again.
everything great
would purchase again
great quality and arrived really quick! thanks!
great!
nice band - fit exactly
great replacement for expensive apple.
great fit for a smaller wrist.  will definitely order more colors.
it's as expected, perfect and pretty!
this item is very good because it is easy to apply to your apple watch and is very durable and cute , i would recommend this item to anyone who needs a new apple watch band.
this band feels great, and the white looks awesome with my black watch. perfect for summer. i’ve already ordered another color!!
i bought several watch bands from this company and love them! i get compliments all the time on how i am able to color coordinate my outfits and watch bands. trustworthy company would definitely order again. also, fit my 48mm apple watch perfectly.
the band is beautifully made, high quality and looks great.  definitely buy again.
nice and soft
not true red. more of a dark orange. fits well though.
comfortable and love the color.
love this! thankful i bought two colors! durable and perfect for what i need it for. i manage a horse barn so my old watch bands would get gross with hay, dirt, water and sweat. the material on this one makes it easy to rinse off and hold up to all my daily chores!
perfect! thank you
great band, feels just like my original that came with my watch but at a better price.
great color,  love these bands  they are so comfortable.
this fits perfectly and looks great!
i ordered thinking i won't lose anything for the price. but it was worth it. its the best band you can get for this price. you can never tell the difference compared to original bands. i am going order all the colors now.
as with all things apple related accessories come at a high price but finding suitable non-apple accessory is often difficult as quality becomes an issue.  that is not the case here.
love the color
so far as i can tell it does the job well. it does feel a bit more flimsy that apple version of this band, but this is expected for the price being a fifth of apple's. it feels secure and i don't worry that it will break or fall off.
wonderful product for the price.  i was skeptical because it was so affordable, but the quality seems to be great. i love that it is easy to clean!
color is needed to match sneakers
can’t even tell from the original. i got the maroon.
perfect, thanks!!
fit perfectly, lightweight, almost identical to original band.  i have the series 3, 42mm rose gold watch.  navy and gray worked perfectly and provided me with options.  wish there were more colors available.
very similar to the original apple watch band. very happy with the reasonable cost & free shipping.
love it
slightly different quality as the apple bands but still very comfortable and soft. totally worth the price! i will be buying more in other colors
just like apple bands.
i love the color and it goes with everything
i'm happy because my girlfriend loves it- at a fraction of the cost.
basic and good quality.
love it! thanks
i have this product in several colors - you won't be disappointed.
love the color and style.
excelent!!
this product is a great value in comparison with buying the same product at an apple store.  i actually cannot tell the difference.
great
soft pink i love it!
so far so good, looks very nice.
revised comments:
love my band !!! perfect and came in a timely fashion..thank you !
k
love it!
i love the wine red watch band! it looks great and looks just like the $50 band from apple!
love the band!
perfect fit
great product.  no complaints.
very smooth and secure just received it today hopefully and has a long life!
perfecto
well built and comfortable.
excellent item and fast shipment
i like that the color and size arrived exactly as i ordered.
so happy with this purchase, and definitely can’t beat the price!
just as described and love that my watch looks completely different with this new band!
vibrant color, thick, durable band. great quality at an amazing price!! ordered two different colors and will be ordering a third!! definitely recommend!
i love this band! came in on time, it’s super white and pretty and fits my 42 apple watch 3 perfectly for such a good price
love these sport bands! they are amazing, i’ve purchased the white one and looks amazing to! great product for the price. such a steal! buying more colors soon!
nice item, great price.
perfect replacement for original.
great product! i love my band.
love, love, love it
great price
really liked the color. more of a bubblegum pink. not the same pink as the rose gold watch band - this is more vibrant.
i loved it, great quality! buying more colors...
i love the deep wine color of this watch band and the feel of it.  a great purchase and a great price.  love it.  don't hesitate.  life is short - buy the watch band!
great band for my apple watch at a great price
love the color and material feels just like the original band. the only thing is that the metal under left a yellow mark on my skin
i love the sport band for my apple watch.  it's just like the one that comes with the watch from apple.  very happy with it.
very comfortable & the grey is true to color in picture shown.
very comfortable.
i am loving this watch band! i have a series 1, and i’m not sure if it because this is the second time i’ve bought replacement bands, but loving them! i got 3 different colors- burgundy, navy and black. great for the price!
i like the softness of this band and it looks great!
i purchased this band in several colors - great product.
nice band
great product, fit perfect and sturdy material. will most likely buy more colors and there a great price..
the watch band fit the 38mm apple watch  perfectly. it is a little longer than the oem band it replaced, but still fits the wrist well.
fits just like my apple strap
sport band for apple watch 42mm 38mm, soft...
omg love the color and this product is amazing
great buy. went on easily and is sturdy.
the color was not quite what i thought it would be . a shade darker than what i thought but i like the product and satisfied with it .
good product and good quality
i love how comfortable the band is!! its actually better than the ones i have purchased from apple. color was spot on and now i want all the colors
beautiful good quality
love it! color and fit is wonderful!
very good
it’s great for the price! i love the color!
just like apple original, super cute and durable. will order many more colors.
very comfortable. fits nicely on my small wrist. love the color.
love this band more than the one that came with my watch! and i get so many compliments on the blue color!
just as good as the apple brand my watch came with. i will definitely purchase again if i want a different color.
super fast shipping, exactly the band i was looking for!
looks and feels like the original band that came with the watch. i got the navy blue and it's a true navy blue, exactly as expected.
fits just like the band that came with the watch for a fourth of the cost!!  thanks
brought this for my daughter and was cuter than i expected! will purchase another color soon
quality is great. feels and looks like the official apple bands. easy to install.
just like the apple band but a whole lot cheaper!
it was easy to put on. it looks nice. a must have.
i love it and it fit perfectly. the price is awesome.
the band arrived in a very timely manner. it was exactly as expected. i have no complaints whatsoever.
very comfortable. easy to use
this band is top quality and very flexible. the band is a perfectly deep black color and is what i wish the original band was instead of the mediocre grey that comes standard with the watch.
arrived quick and super soft! i actually like these more than the actual apple bands.
wrong size for me. nice product
high quality. very stylish. pretty matte black band
it is truly amazing. i love it so much. it looks so realistic from the apple product. huge savings.
i love this! really fits the watch well and is very comfortable.
looks and feels good
fits perfect!
good product
good quality and price
one word:  gorgeous!  this band is truly great looking and i’ve received compliments on it.  fits well, seems sturdy, and would highly recommend.
great band. the color is vibrant and fits well on watch. also it was a great price.
comfy fit and great color!
loved the color fit perfect
i just ordered a black band for my watch. i love it. it feels just like the original band it came with. it also fits perfectly. i would definitely order more in different colors.
works good nice fit too
great band!
comfortable and good quality!
looks good and great fit
for the price, these are awesome!
great band for the price.  have had no problems.  i ordered black and the white.  both seemed to be great quality.
really nice
good quality and value.  the light pink color was just what i wanted. what you see is what you get. would purchase again
i love this watch band! i have the apple brand that came with my watch, but wanted a different color! i like it just as well as the expensive brand! i’ll be buying more-probably one of each color!
i love it. not a band for thick wrists though!
plain & simple. perfect fit. same as apple ones, but cheaper.
the band is very comfortable and fits the watch perfectly!
got the 38mm size.  the face is large, but more comfortable than another item i purchased.
i love my watch band.  easy to use.  looks just like the band that comes with the apple watch.  a fraction of the price.  works great.
quality has been excellent for almost 2 months now.  great price point.
good
nice
just like apples bands!
this band was great, an excellent value, and true to color. i would definitely recommend it! it also arrived super fast.
this is so similar to the apple brand.
love the color and quality. great band and great price!
was a gift for my daughter, she loves it
love how the black looks with my rose gold apple watch.
fits perfectly and feels great. i actually like it better than the actual apple product.
soft silicone material
amazing just like an original from apple minus the price 🙌🏾
perfect for the price, wish it came in yellow
excellent customer service and responsiveness! band is of great quality and fits like a charm. i’ll definitely purchase this again if i want a new sports band.
perfect fit and excellent quality.  i will probably purchase multiple colors!
love it, just what i expected. arrived on time.
a perfect baby blue color, and perfect size
love the color quick easy delivery and great price
i bought both the white and gray bands and love both of them! they are the exact same as the original band my watch came with.
soft and durable band. great color, great price. would purchase other others in the future.
i like how this the band feels and works, it's very close to the quality of an apple band, although i have only had it for a couple of weeks, we'll see after an extended use. overall i think for the price this is a very good product.
nice band, good quality. wld buy again.
great price, product received was as advertised.
love the watch band! great color, works perfectly with the watch. for under $10 each i can get a variety of colors to change up my look!
the colors are great, and they do have what looks like the same clasp that is secure that apple has, but they are definitely not nice and thick.  i bought four colors.  at that price, i was skeptical when i ordered them. and i see i was right, but will give them the benefit of the doubt.
the band feels very much like the apple band that came with the watch.  i liked it so well that i have ordered a second color.
i love my igk sport bands. they fit me perfect because my wrist is very small
it is a good product according to price.
band is durable, fits well, and changes out easily with my apple watch.
loved it thank you
this company is great! i had something happen to my first band and it was very easy to talk to customer service and they sent me another band the next day! i love it and i’m very satisfied with my product
awesome
exactly as described and super fast shipping.  thank you.  great quality and great band!
looks and fits perfectly. received it very quickly.
it looks like the apple brand version. easy to apply & switch out with other colors. no smell to it, lots of color options/combinations, as well as soft & flexible
don’t but from apple, buy from these guys. tried to show them to a friend and they didn’t even think it was a 3rd party brand. pretty much exactly like apple except for the marker that shows the size of the band. highly recommend
fits my watch perfectly
exactly as advertised. pro tip for anyone who would try to paint this, don’t. the silicone band (even when sanded) doesn’t accept paint and will chip.
great product
really cute easy to change out bands
excellent quality, fast shipping
great watch band. prompt delivery & good price.
i love the color of the blue band. i also got white and pink. love them!!!
just like description. and exactly like the sports bands that come with the apple watch for a much cheaper price. will definitely be ordering more colors.
super light weight.  the material is very soft.  i liked the large so i could adjust it better even though the small would have worked.  the price is great also.  i will be purchasing more colors here soon.
wasn’t expecting it to be this nice but reviews were great so i purchased. feels very soft. i love the color. we shall see how it lasts over time..
good quality. easy to change. just like original
super cute and simple — great quality for the price!
this band is an exact replacement for the apple watch.  i’ve ordered other bands elsewhere that were configured oddly but this one is perfect and offered at a great price point.
i’m glad i finally found a thicker band. all the others i ordered were flimsy.
these feels just like my apple bands!! it’s crazy how apple charges an arm and a leg for these bands when you can get them for so cheap on here! 100% going to buy more in different colors.
watch band fit great.  very similar to the actual apple watch bands for a fraction of the price.
just as decribed. nice bright red.
excellent product.  goes perfectly with rose gold watch.
i like this band.  very similar to the brand name one my coworker bought for 7 times the price.
i love this wristband !! fits perfectly and stays clean!!
great fit, comfortable, and durable.
love the color and it works great
exactly like my original apple band! love it!
fit my series 3 perfectly. really like the light weight feel compared to the standard sports band that comes with the apple watch.
this watch band is great! the one that came with my watch was grey, i like it but just wanted something different. the white one is the same material, i love it.
i got the one in grey and it’s absolutely perfect! love the color and quality of this band.
nice quality
i love this watch band! these bands are thin and are very durable. great band for the price. i have purchased a few different colors and live them all!
great band!! love the color!!
just like apple watch band but much better price
fast shipping (prime). good packaging. item as described. feels soft. installs easy. identical to apple brand.
i really love this band. i have a semi-larger wrist and it fits perfectly with room. it’s smooth and comfortable and looks great with my rose gold watch
product is as described
i am happy with the band. it fits just like my other band that came with the watch
loved the color, the fit and the ease of care.  it’s a great addition to my watch.
band is perfect - great quality, and so inexpensive! no reason to buy a silicone band from apple - order this one and save!
strap end tucks into slot on band on other side of watch so doesn’t catch on something causing watch to fall off wrist. also metal button holds well like original band. i would buy again.
arrived as shown very promptly
the price was great, arrived promptly.  i will probably order some more in different colors.  i am very satisfied.
just as advertised, works perfectly with my apple watch series 3, it feels safe, looks good and i even went to play soccer without taking my watch off and the band held perfectly. i just ordered 8 more in different colors
i like the unique blue color, the matte silicon finish, and the overall feel and quality. the band also snapped into place easily and clasps easily. great product.
feels pretty good.. i would buy more colors
apple quality at a fraction of the price!
love it
product is of excellent quality and comfortable. highly recommend and will purchase from this vendor again!
it is a good band. it just didn’t go with my rose color base of my iwatch. if i would have gotten the sliver base one it would of been perfect.
perfect fit
great
looks great! fits great!
fits great- very soft and comfortable!
i bought this black band for my 42mm apple watch series 3 & it is awesome! super durable, very nice feel to it (very soft), not as heavy as the original band but just as nice. for 6/7 bucks, cannot go wrong.
great band! fits well.
i purchased two of them. it fit my watch and it’s comparable to the apple brand. i would order again. great quality!
looks like the real deal
fits perfect!
this is a good quality band, has similar thickness to the apple brand silicone strap.  i'm satisfied with the quality of this purchase.
i can see no difference between this band and the $40 version apple offers...it's nice to be able to afford a variety of colors.
i really like the color of this watch and. it’s very comfortable to wear, also.
very well made and comfortable to wear, i will buy more.
this is great exactly like apple look and feel
looks good and the price is right
this band has a hint of lavender color to it. i actually liked it better than the picture.
love this band. fits just like the apple band and is great for the price.
nice for sports.
great quality.
great quality, feel, and color. will definitely order an additional color!
loved this band. super great price and so far no problems! totally beats spending $50 at the apple store. will be buying more!
perfect fit. looks great!
easy to put on and texture is similar to the apple band. in love with the navy blue and rose gold combination (v3). definitely would recommend.
matches great
i love it
i like everything about the band. fits perfectly and is very durable. would buy from same seller again.
apple stores sell watch bands for $40-$60. these are so cheap and work just as well! very happy with this buy.
love the band. exactly as described
comfortable, easy on/off
this fit my apple watch 3 perfectly. very satisfied
quick shipping. very happy with this band! great quality for a great price!
looks and feels just like the apple one that originally came with my watch. i will order another color.
fit as expected.
great product, durable, looks great!!! worth every penny!!!
these are my favorite types of bands.  it's comfortable, smooth and clicks closed easily.  i love the wine color for the fall/winter season!
i was a bit skeptical because of the great price but the quality is just as good as the nike band that came on my apple watch! i will be ordering from this company again.
great product!!!!
love everything about it especially the price
i love the color, it’s completely worth buying it! love the quality and the color of the band is so beautiful that it literally motivates me to wear the watch everyday.
nice band, fits good.
great quality and fit!
as described
best wristbands on the market!
the watch band arrived on time and  fits perfectly on my watch.  great quality band!  i would recommend this purchase if you are in the market for additional colored watch bands.
a great product. will buy again in new colors.
fits, feels great and especially like the low price! worth the investment ;)
easy to work in i'm in a hospital and gelling in and out all day long washing my hands gloves on and off all day, soft and comfortable.  a little thinner than the apple ones i like the differance.
love this band! it’s so comfortable.
amazing great size as described
excellent product. true to its description.
great. exactly what i was looking for and priced perfectly. fits well and is a bit lighter in weight than the original band.
fits my iwatch perfect! looks just like the apple but a better price!
very nice apple watch band replica. also purchased in wine color. will definitely buy more!!!
exactly as advertised. very comfortable and appears durable. secures well and adjustable. if normal sized man, consider m/lg as it seems a tad on small side.
really nice color and quality. looks like the original band. very easy and fast to install.
love the color! exactly what i was expecting at a great price.
so far, i am extremely  happy with this watchband. love the dark blue color and sure can't beat the price.
it was really easy and comfortable for my wrist. i’m very satisfied that i found something so good for such a great price
love it! goes with everything!
great watch band.  was a little longer than the one that came with the watch which is much better to deal with putting it on.  love it!  i have more that i've ordered that are on the way.
i love this band! i am a nurse and it holds up against constant wear and bleach cleaning. it is a tad thinner than original apple bands and much more comfortable.
feels like an original i watch band.
the band looks great and was so easy to change! love it! for this price i’ll be grabbing more colors.
for a silicone bad, you really cannot tell the difference while wearing it. it feels like the original band and it functions as it should.
i really like it the bands. the installation is easy, the material is perfect, it is very easy to clean.  and it adjust perfect to my wrist.
good quality, like the original. like it very much.
i’m kicking myself for ever purchasing the 50$ apple band last year. this band was exactly the same, same thickness, length and more importantly the same quality. definitely will be ordering more colors soon!
same great quality that apple has, just a fraction of the price. hasn’t stretched out too much, stays put over night, doesn’t fall off during workouts. already bought a second color, and will definitely be getting more!
fits like original band. very comfortable to wear
apple watch...i enjoy changing the band colors.  this is a very good quality band...i am pleased!
very comfortable! love all the color choices.
soft and fit perfect. delivery was quick!
fit perfect
super cute and comfy! absolutely love it
es perfecto y cómodo
watch band is very compatible...
colors are nice, they feel good, a bit flimsy, but much cheaper than the apple branded bands.
good product ..!!!! i purchased 4 bands and you can’t tell the difference from the apple one. its also a great price. will buy again..!!!!!
if you’re looking for a band similar to the apple one, this is it.
great product with good quality. it’s impossible to say that it is not a original apple product.
i love the band. it is not as "soft" as the apple brand but the color is just what i wanted for a fraction of the cost. i would recommend.
works well. nice band.
it was exactly what i expected definitely recommend
fits great and looks great
it was exactly like the band that came with my watch. perfect fit! i love the color choices.
the material feels great and is everything that it says it is.
delivery was fast and item was exactly as described.
i love the band and will probably order another in a different color! great value!
exactly what i expected!.  no surprises.
i got the white band and love it.  soft and flexible, easy to put on.  can't go wrong with this one
fit apple watch perfectly.  great navy color.  as described.
perfect!
was exactly what i expected
i am very pleased with the product. i was skeptical at first with how cheap it was. i will definitely order again. color was exactly what i was expecting.
looks great with watch!
lightweight and durable. fits just like the apple brand. i’m going to have to buy more in different colors!
watch band exactly what i wanted
this is a great sport band and fits perfect for my series 1 iwatch
red wine is a beautiful color. the band is lighter than the apple bands but it fits nicely and feel comfortable around my wrist!
great band.  similar to the apple brand bands but 1/10 the price.  quality is great.
had for a week now , it’s comfortable and the holes make my wrist breath so it’s great the only bad side is dirt can stick to it a little but nothing crazy i promise will buy again
sturdy and beautiful!
the band is quite good.  i am not sure but i feel it is just a bit thinner than the original strap i have which is a nike band.  anyway i still like it.
i am happy with it. it isn’t as tough as the band that comes with the watch. seems like it’s gotten looser since i first bought it. but i am over all happy with it so far.
this is a nice quality band but i expected the large to be larger. the biggest it goes is about 8.5 inches, my husbands wrist is too big and it’s the largest size. when comparing it to the original apple band the material is a little thicker and more rigid but still feels nice.
looks good and fits well.
this band is identical in style to one that came with the watch. i would highly recommend it to anyone wanting multiple bands. it is easy to put on.
just like the ones you get with the watch.
the color is bright & the quality of the band is really good. super comfortable to wear all day. fits the watch well too.
i've been looking for a cheap blank bland for my apple watch.  this band is it!  it is a quality band, looks good and was cheap!
very pretty. very comfortable.
it’s comfortable
shipped fast! perfect fit!
perfect and comfortable fit. seems like good quality and i’m happy i chose this product.
received this band today and it is fantastic. very durable feeling and feels just like the real thing. the magnetic strip slides in perfectly and fits like a charm.
these are great! i ordered two different colors and both look just like what i could have gotten from apple but at a great price! i will order more colors!
very good quality and love the maroon color!
perfect!!!
very nice watch band for the price and gives a look to my gold apple watch 2.  fit into the slots of the watch is a little loose but plenty secure
perfect fit
love the color and the ease of installing the watch.
product is exactly what i ordered and wanted.
love it! excellent quality
just like apple. fraction of the price. high quality. highly recommended
i love the band! it fits great...feels just like an apple band. just ordered 2 more!
the band was just as pictured & very easy to put on the apple watch!
great product at a great price. very pleasantly surprised.
just what i wanted. thank you!
fits great size s/m. i love it. i will be buying other colors.
it’s a lot lighter blue than the image
looks and feels just like the apple watch bands!! same features: attaches to the watch just like the original, single silver peg/slip loop design
watch band was delivered promptly. nice color band is very true to advertised color. fits well and is very comfortable. i really like the soft feel. plan to buy a few more colors.
this item is great. can't tell much of a difference vs apple brand. would definitely buy again.
i like that this band, looks and feels great.
love it!
just what i wanted. it looks exactly like the white one that came with my iwatch. i will be buying more colors from this company.
nice lighter weight than the brand name apple bands.  will order more!  price is great.
watchband arrived as promised. the quality is as good as similar apple bands at a fraction of the cost.
love the color! awesome band! equal to an actual band that you would buy from the apple store that of course is more pricey!
fits perfectly for my wife's watch
excellent quality and the color is just what i was looking for. very comfortable!!
exactly as described. replaced my lime green apple band. easy to switch out. looks great and easy on my wallet.
:)
great quality for the price. i will buy other colors.
i love my band for my apple watch it is great quality for great price. i needed a navy band and it’s perfect.
love it!  it’s the perfect color of pink!
fits perfectly and comfortable. thanks
nice color!!
this was exactly what i expected. great quality product, easy to add to your watch.
still have my apple watch so it works 🤪
love it
i ordered this in black and it's very nice and looks just like it was bought from apple.
súper good and material is super soft, would definitely buy again in many more colors
this is exactly the same as the apple on e but so much cheaper, if you’re doubting whether to get it or not, get it!
great product. great price
it's a good band
perfect!
very pleased with product. looks and feels like the applewatch band that comes with the watch.
love it and it’s exactly is the picture works great
arrived quickly and as ordered. comfortable and looks great with my watch.
fits perfect.
it looks like the original
i like it a lot.  color is what i wanted.
very easy to attach to the watch, and very comfortable.  much better than the fabric strap i had which absorbed perspiration!
look just like the original apple watch band. the red color match the back of my red iphone 8plus
comfortable to wear, feels thinner and lighter than the original watch band,  love it.
blue is my favorite color, so once i seen this band, i knew i had to have it. it fits perfectly and i had no problem once it arrived. i definitely recommend this product!
love it. love the color and quality
fits great, and makes my apple watch look nice and and new. good quality, easy to put on.
loved the watch band!! it worked well for the series 3 watch
fits just like my original band.
the color is perfect!  good quality..  all good.
high quality silicone watch band. perfect fit.
great quality!  i will definitely buy in other colors!
love it! looks great and feels awesome on y wrist!
great looking band, just as described.
i prefer to try to match my band to my clothes.  nice quality!!
fit perfectly, works great with the band, solid band.
nice soft feel! fits perfect around my wrist. great price for the quality. happy with this purchase!
i loved the watch band. good quality and looks like the real thing from apple, at a much better price!! very satisfied
love it
love the color, good quality.
price was very reasonable and band stays on.
great watch band, comfortable and stays on the wrist.  very easy to clean.
great band for fraction of the price
love the color. i have a small wrist so it fits a little big but i’m ok with that. good quality so far.
color is brighter than i wanted but fits perfectly
just like the original but a lot less expensive.
so far i am really liking this apple watch band.
love ut
